有人代表香港市民支持亞視
女長毛好野
已經有人提出要求兩台交出部分頻譜予新持牌電視台
葉家寶表示歡迎佔領亞視，並指比佔中更好
亞視話考慮自用製頻道代替 CCTV1、深圳衛視
無綫台格 衰衰格格 
亞洲電視 亞洲最屎 
到場 
 情況有如當日 GOALTV
 因為盛傳 beIN 會直接登陸 nowTV，唔係 TVBNV package 入面…
A Watery Vision of Hong Kong  /via @slate
RT : Clever Advertising 
  其實 tvb 有 7 條台全日直播 #Sochi2014 不過你要俾錢啫…
請問有冇推友今晚去電視續牌公聽會？
RT : 在大班被商台提前解約時，李慧玲說：
「直到今時今日，我仍然唔感覺自己係商台嘅言論自由係收窄緊嘅……所以，即使發生咗大班事件，如果輕易話商台無咗言論自由、商台嘅言論自由受到打壓，對每一日仍然好努力係商台工作嘅同事黎講呢，係唔公平架。」 ht…
RT : Titanfall beta being opened up to all Xbox One users 
RT : Nokia X: Snapdragon (1GHz x2), 4" WVGA, 512MB/4GB (+microSD), 5MP, 1500mAh, Android apps from Nokia Store + 3rd-party stores. …
RT : A woman attempting to take a picture at a hockey game in Sochi today. This may be one of my favorite pics ever. http://t.co/x2…
RT : [!!!]  
RT : MOViE MOViE響應奧斯卡最佳外語片誕生在即，將舉行「MOViE MOViE呈獻：最佳外語片終極5強獨家睇」馬拉松觀影活動，為影迷一次過送上五部今年最佳外語片入圍電影特別優先場，觀眾可在一天之內一口氣欣賞五部佳作。日期：2月22日 地點：百老匯電影…
RT : Anti-"Daily Mail" signs appear all over Britain's rail network  
RT : Smart move. Netflix introduces #SpoilerFoiler tool to help you avoid #HouseOfCards spoilers  http://t.c…
RT : Staying in tonight. #OneNationUnderwood 
RT : Set your clocks and put the coffee on. House of Cards goes live at 12.01 AM PST tonight. 
RT : MORE: Facebook adds a customizable option with about 50 different terms people can use to identify their gender: http://t.co/IP2NSh…
RT : BREAKING: Male, female or custom? Facebook announces major expansion of terms to identify gender.
RT : Apple planning to introduce new set-top box as soon as April, wants to start selling before Christmas via 
Steve Jobs time capsule dug up after 30 years: Heres the video  /via 
RT : [轉]  跟一群人一起玩flappy bird #哪個傢伙發明這個混帳遊戲
RT : True love’s kiss: 
RT : A Philip Seymour Hoffman memorial mural has sprung up in the East Village:  
RT : [#thatsME !!!] RT  日本杂志介绍最近流行的一个男性新品种——「佛系男子」，外表普普通通，但内心往往具有特点如下：自己的兴趣爱好是第一位的，事情都想按照自己的节奏来做，谈恋爱太麻烦，不想在上面费神，也不要什么女友，就喜欢一个…
RT :  香港的運動員不是垃圾，但運動的官僚體系全部都是垃圾
  大班話請唔起
RT : 【即時消息】商台解僱李慧玲，強行清理其座位。 
RT : 港協暨奧委會義務秘書長彭沖表示，去年12月4日才得知有一名運動員入選，由於時間緊迫，如果需要隊醫隨團，需要重新向大會申請及批准。  &lt;&lt; 國際滑冰聯盟十一月下旬已公布入圍名單 http://t.co/IY…
RT : 【地震】103年2月12日00:31發生芮氏規模4.0地震，震央位於台北市士林區。  
圖／中央氣象局 
RT : 台北凌晨地震強度4級: 台北凌晨地震，強度屬黎克特制四級。 震央位於台北市政府以北士林區，震源深度六點三公里。 陽明山震度四級，新北市五股和桃園縣桃園市都是三級，台北市和基隆市兩級。 
RT : 規模4.0地震近大屯火山群 陽明山雲友：轟隆聲好恐怖 
RT : 呂品韜代表香港參加冬奧，竟然因名額已滿隊醫未能隨行，霸住d位的官員到了索契竟然連睇都冇去睇吓香港代表的備戰情況，只係有電視台訪問呂品韜時才現身，這就是官方對運動的態度嗎？
RT : Los Feliz's 'Dumb Starbucks' shut down for operating without valid public health permit, says County Health 
RT : Message from the president: 
三星被揭開發了一套收集使用者資料的服務，甚至是你所打的字！ 
RT : USA Bobsled &amp; Skeleton coaches record and analyze their athletes sliding over 80 mph using Ubersense on iPad. http://t.co/HT…
'Selfies With Homeless People'  /via 
Microsoft building an ‘Xbox Reading’ app for Windows 8  /via 
RT : Bill Gates isn’t disclosing anything new about his role at Microsoft in the Reddit AmA today
RT : Hi , I’ll be answering your questions starting at 10am PST:  
RT : 麻煩各位幫留意相中人，相中人2月10日正午留左封遺書後失蹤，已報警,如發現請打92384070/96850211
聯絡其家人
佢最後出現地方在油麻地
請幫幫忙廣傳,謝謝。 
 tvb... 算吧啦
 我覺得係
RT : 2010年9月，几名来自东莞市公安局的警察，身着便衣，来到顺德北滘中学，拘捕了高中语文老师袁磊。2009年，袁磊在网上陆续发表了长篇纪实小说，原名是《八O后——睡在东莞》，这部小说给袁磊带来牢狱之灾。 
 咩事？
RT : BBC说“Year of whores”，果然是有先见之明
RT : 看了《舌尖上的东莞》，顿时觉得成功都有原因的，你看看人家的管理，人家的服务，人家的创意.....哪一样是央企能比得上的。央企的杀手锏就是“垄断”，我看你几爷子是想钱想疯了，连民营妓院也要扫荡了，以后全国就只有国企妓院了，服务和诚信如何保障？堪忧~
RT : So glad you all loved the #SuperBowl commercial! You made us the happiest #BestBuds in the world! ... https://…
RT : A true friend just lets you be yourself. #BestBuds 
RT : There is nothing better than your #BestBuds. 
RT : 香港人有個陋習，就是把尖酸刻薄當成聰明。(是的，我也是香港人)
RT : 老實說，今天的蘋果根本不是 Woz 當年的蘋果，今天的蘋果也不可能是 Woz 心目中的蘋果—這一點其實是每個對蘋果有所認識的人心知肚明的。可惡的就只有混賬透頂的霉體硬是要向 Woz 套點難聽的說話才可。
RT : And I still make games.
RT : I also don't sell 'Flappy Bird', please don't ask.
RT : It is not anything related to legal issues. I just cannot keep it anymore.
RT : I am sorry 'Flappy Bird' users, 22 hours from now, I will take 'Flappy Bird' down. I cannot take this anymore.
RT : Press people are overrating the success of my games. It is something I never want. Please give me peace.
RT : Almunia: Samsung patent abuse investigation will end this April after new proposals submitted  @FO…
RT : Immigration minister Mark Harper resigns after it emerges his cleaner did not have permission to work in UK http://t.co/8w…
RT : The Olympic flame has been lit at a spectacular #Sochi2014 opening ceremony     
RT : Fireworks over Russia's Fisht Stadium as the #sochi2014 opening ceremony gets under way 
RT : The Olympic rings light up - one failing to display properly - during the #sochi2014 opening ceremony http://t.co/ypqvTHKO…
.  開始了
RT : Teen blogger explains why "good enough" is more important than being perfect 
RT : Girl Dies After Being Forced To Drink Soda 
RT : Android手機用了一陣子，大概是因為我太沒有研究精神或太挑剔，雖然手機本身不難用，但光輸入法就搞到快讓我放棄。我的要求應該不高吧，歡迎推薦：

• 漢語拼音輸入法（我在行動設備上慣用）
•... 
 好鹹
RT : So this is Russian Olympic bus  
RT : 香港人今天眼紅大陸電視批評鄧紫棋北上搵真銀，其實是有原因的。因為我們已經做不出這樣的電視節目了。他們造假，他們潛規則；難道我們的頒獎禮就很乾淨，硬捧林峯做歌王就不潛規則？他們的音樂口味太單一；我們讓主持人取笑女歌手衣着這就算對得起流行音樂？不是人家做得太…
RT : 東方見聞錄  I’ll Never Look At China The Same After Working For An Insanely Wealthy Family In Hangzhou
RT : 一名女保安員表示，曾目擊不少「無辜男」事件，其中一名約30歲女性突然從升降機中跑出，指同處升降機中的一名青年偷拍她，青年表示拿出手機只是接聽電話，但在升降機門關上後便斷線，其間並無進行偷拍，女事主最終報警求助，但警方在青年的手機內並無發現偷拍照…
RT : 高質的香港人「美麗華旅遊總經理李振庭晚上表示，團友要求賠償三分一團費的計法不正確。團友留在船上，仍然消費船上的食物。李又指，有旅客要求賠償5千元未獲接納，竟然將鈔票擲向職員，態度有問題。」
RT : 翠华茶餐厅里的这位好心姑娘… 
RT : Apple hit with $2 billion patent infringement lawsuit; German patent owner alleges $AAPL infringed on cellular telephone techn…
CVS becomes 1st large retail pharmacy chain to pull tobacco products from stores -  
RT : UN accuses Vatican of adopting policies that allowed priests to rape children: 
RT : [#INCONVENIENTTRUTH] Pink goop in Chicken McNuggets? McDonald's Canada answers (Super Bowl XL...:  via @y…
RT : Scottish parliament votes to legalize same-sex marriage by a margin of 105-18 -  
RT : "The making of 1.24.14" film is now online as well

#Mac30
RT : Bill Gates named Microsoft technology advisor, steps down as chairman 
RT : Microsoft names Satya Nadella as its new CEO following departure of Steve Ballmer -  
RT : Introducing the new CEO of Microsoft, Satya Nadella:  
ARM says slowdown in demand for smartphones was behind a smaller-than-expected rise in 4th-quarter royalty revenues 
Super Bowl XLVIII on FOX is Most-Watched Television Show in U.S. History 
RT : Retweet if you downloaded #U2Invisible for free too! #NewU2Song  RT :  downloaded, and rockin…
RT : #BREAKING: Thanks to the amazing response across the world Bank of America will keep donating beyond original $2MM pledge! Let’s d…
RT : Apple Celebrates 30 Years Of Mac With Video Shot Entirely On iPhone Over 24 Hours  by 
How In-app Purchases Has Destroyed The Industry 
RT : iOS Blog: Bank of America Donating $1 to Product (RED) for Every Free iTunes Download of U2's 'Invisible' http://t.co/GLZRZA…
RT : Amazing scene at the Space Needle in Seattle as the city celebrates its 1st major sports championship since 1979. http://…
RT : Seahawks are Super Bowl champs.  Miles the Bronco will have to pay off his bet all week. »    #This…
RT : Not 1 single  player had a Super Bowl ring coming into tonight's game.

Now EVERY  player has a ring.

Congr…
本年 Super Bowl 又是 nowTV 直播
 也算是吧
RT : MORE: Hoffman was found dead in his Manhattan home; The cause of death wasn't officially determined: 
RT : BREAKING: Police say Oscar-winning actor Philip Seymour Hoffman has been found dead in his NYC apartment.
食環掃旺角街檔了 
RT : 電視在播無綫的甚麼劇集角色頒獎禮。張智霖好小器呀。而這裡更竟然完全無人感覺到黃子華其實是早就知道自己會獲獎。
RT : 97後還有幾多香港歌星夠膽公開唱《血染的風采》？甄妮，2013年二月 
Facebook Announces News Reader App 'Paper', iOS Only at First  /via 
RT : Google Selling Motorola Mobility to Lenovo for $2-3 Billion 
RT : Also, it would appear that you’ll soon be able to see(manage?) your iCloud bookmarks from the iCloud website :-D http://t…
RT : Apple continues to make more revenues and profits from Accessories than HTC does as an entire company.
RT : EULA written by a senior Google employee, hosted in a Google incubator,and then banned from Play with no notice? http://…
RT : Dear Google, my mother would like to know why she needs a Google Plus account for Google Maps to remember the search she…
  #特別的讀推技巧 XD
  馬肉我又無所謂，但我唔喜歡被騙
  當然係啦 :p 我都係最 #喜愛肉丸
  講咩？ lol
  我好奇問下，結果推神 … 我 :(
香港電台 - 梁振英：實施首階段制裁菲律賓措施 
  你成日去食?
  我見廣告話係新春限定
[安全的系統] As of their latest update, Facebook can read your texts on Android phones. 
Sold out. 
  我頭先去有牛肉忌廉湯啊，豬手飯冇試，好食嗎？
 唔出奇
 你岩
中國市場真係大，IKEA 都會出賀年食品 
RT : 香港較少人有餘暇去聲援一個億萬富豪的女兒。 RT : 没怎么见到香港的女权团体声援赵式芝，好奇怪啊。香港的女权主义者们，只出没在课堂上、书桌边？
RT : Carl Icahn invests another $500M in Apple after shares slide 
 這裡 
 yes
now TV年初三推出now668賽馬頻道　超高清及嶄新互動功能　讓觀眾有更多自主性 
RT : Introducing #GuardianCam on Instagram 
RT : 我不知自己甚麼時候被視作「著名」果粉，但老實說我真的不怎樣想當「著名」果粉。人家「著名」是可以賺錢的，我「著名」是被果黑上來找碴的。
RT : 
   yes 我是這樣理解
   讀音是 i-did-wy 嗎？
RT : Ukraine's Prime Minister Azarov has submitted his resignation, statement on government website says - 
RT : Google Code is dead. 
RT : 哭 
Exclusive: Watch Steve Jobs’ First Demonstration of the Mac for the Public, Unseen Since 1984  /via @techland
RT : 胡佳刚到家，继续软禁，原来是“北京市公安局网络安全保卫总队”的六个人在审问他。多谢大家关注和支持。
RT : Sony rating cut to junk by Moody's; outlook stable | 
RT : Moody's downgrades Sony's rating to Ba1/Not Prime; outlook stable 
通訊事務管理局 - 本地免費電視節目服務牌照續期公眾諮詢（亞洲電視有限公司及電視廣播有限公司）  
RT : You can continue to follow along with all things #GRAMMYs on our live-blog: 
RT : 我一點都不覺得一個人吃飯很可憐。沒辦法自己一個人吃飯才真的可憐。
 你很失望對吧? lol
RT : Hospital disconnects life support of pregnant, brain-dead Texas woman on court order, family lawyer says in statement - @…
RT : Ukraine's president offers prime minister post to opposition leader Arseniy Yatsenyuk 
CNN made an animated recreation of Bieber's drag race because, CNN. 
RT : Notice how Google+ is down, but people only cared about Gmail being down. Nobody cares about Google+. Everyone hopes it stay…
RT : Still standing at the intersection of technology and the liberal arts. Happy Birthday Mac! 
RT : Celebrating Mac's 30th with some of my closest friends in Cupertino with OneRepublic. Awesome.
RT : Happy Birthday Mac!  My life is infinitely better because we met. Today we salute everything you stand for. http://t.co/seLUL…
RT : How many gigabytes does your phone actually have?   
RT : Happy 30th Birthday Mac!
#mac30 
RT : Here's Apple's official video celebrating 30 years of the Mac  by 
RT : Now here's an app that brings back memories of the Macintosh. 
RT : Way before MS Office there was MacWorks. 
RT : The Macintosh 128K emblem. Iconic indeed. 
RT : The Macintosh has certainly come a long way.... 
RT : As the 30th anniversary of the Macintosh approaches, some rather lovely pics of Apple’s transparent prototypes: http://t.co/…
RT : Celebrating 30 years of Macintosh - here's my tribute:  #celebratethemac
Samsung Profit Drops as New iPhones Win Sales, Won Gains  /via 
Samsung Electronics aims to cut mobile marketing budget relative to revenue  /via @reuters
   足智彩其實已經有條台架喇 
RT : Apple is working on iPhones with larger displays, sources tell :  • $AAPL
   都唔出奇，不過有傳無記同有記都想拎免費台播映權。依家投注站都係用 nowTV 做廣播，個台號就係 668，同 now 既賽馬台一樣（換言之將會係一個台號兩條 feed）
   M6 一向係同賽馬免費台播映權綑綁，唔知會唔會變
 可能無緣了，傳聞有唔止一個台想拎免費播映權
嘩 nowTV 播埋馬了，有線體育仲有乜野剩低… 
RT : Lenovo to buy IBM server unit for about $2.3 billion in cash, stock
RT : Lenovo buys IBM’s low-end server business for $2.3B, will hire up to 7,500 of its staff  by @jonrusse…
RT : U.S. court finds Samsung to infringe one Apple patent, declares one Samsung patent invalid  http://t.co…
Bill Comeans Twitter Account Gives Voice To Teen Murdered 34 Years Ago  /via 
RT : 34 years ago today, I was murdered.  I was 14 and had my entire life to live.  My family is still looking for my killer.
   好似《風暴》咁，不過一部 S4/ S5 就可以做到中環大戰 lol
  恐怖分子至愛
 難怪咁好賣啦 lol
RT : How  reported #chinaleaks with a multinational team of journalists 
RT : Guardian partially blocked in China after story about leadership's offshore wealth: 
RT : We have kept our mainland Chinese reporters' identities confidential to protect them from further retaliation http://t.co/NJZ6…
 用料…
RT : Cisco 2014 Security Report 
香港電台 - 涉嫌虐待印傭女僱主機場被捕　警方稍後交代 
Bloomberg Breaking News: Nintendo Shares Plunge 19%, Most Since 2011, on Forecast Full-Year Loss
Nintendo Mulls New Business Model After Forecasting Loss  /via 
RT : That's how hot it was. Thank you everybody for being so persistent and passionate about our sport. @ AustralianOpen http://…
RT : AP Source: President Barack Obama to call for ending NSA's control of Americans' phone data: 
RT : BBC 日前推出了一項新的短視頻服務 Instafax，它不存在於 BBC 的網站，你只能在 Instagram 裡看到。收聽「bbcnews」賬號之後，你就能在它的賬號下讀到精簡的視頻新聞 
RT : Apple grabbed 42% US smartphone share in Q4 2013, Samsung took 26%, as HTC, Motorola, and BlackBerry fell http://t.co/Djw8y…
RT : In case you missed it live, you can watch the #OscarNoms presentation here: 
   yes but iOS only 
RT : 古有晉惠帝之何不食肉糜，今有梁特首之何不去按樓。
 ?
  有咩用？
   要留意係 iOS only
  咩係 FMA?
  有以下國家   
