雪。
 sis got punched in the stomach while on canada line this morning. She reported it alrdy,  please catch the culprit soon!
  #acuvuedemi  let me win em tickets to Nashville,  baby!!
 do you have blue tag sales today
  do you still have seat sales on Thurs?  What time are they released?
你是如此難以忘記
Keep fighting the demons within
We all crazy.  But just remember that it doesn't matter in a year.  Fuck you n.
Still haunted by it.  But this time, i will learn to not be afraid.
How fucken shitty
 do you accept refunds/exchanges for monthly bus fares for Vancouver, bc?
  Is the Expo/Millenium line running normally?  Is the #19 running normally
Why were you so great but so shitty at the same time..
RT : Day 15: Win a Nexus 5!  #15daysofgiveaways
 Watching Miss Chinese Vancouver Pageant! You're still my fave! :D
  are expo/millennium/Canada line running normally?
為什麼。。瘋了一樣。。
I'm actually fucken terrified but I have to keep going
I'm human too.  I don't deserve this shit.
Lack of sincerity
 is millennium/expo skytrain having an issue.  There seems to be issues everyday.
只可一看着你裡開。
心裡還有你的存在。只可以看前走。
Remember that feeling.  Yeah,  never go back to that again.  Keep going forward.
原來你沒有離開過我的心裡。 二十八日後，還有這個感覺
為了一個我不是太喜歡的人。。。
瘋了。。一定是瘋了
Expectations leads to disappointments.
Never make anyone your priority.  You'll only get burned.  Never get your hopes high,  you can't withstand the aftermath.
Check out . Never worry about losing your #Android device up to 10 GB Free to backup 
 so no delays right
  is the Canada line working?
為什麼那麼困難。 那麼不開心。
每一次喜歡一個人，一定會有一些問題。timing 不對吧。
Fuck.  #fml
Utterly obsessed or not at all interested.
Man,  a new kind of crazy.  Each and every time.  Fuck.
我只想忘記一切
 why do you not offer Bring your own device to all your customers but selected customers receive it? why does your livechat suck?
How...did this happen?
are you serious? How irresponsible are you. honestly, you're suppose to be a role model but instead you fail me all the time.
一定找我失去的一全
 you have the worse phone customer service. You hung up on me when you couldn't provide me an answer? Low.
RT : We've extended our Spigen Ultra Thin Air contest until tomorrow night. RT for a chance to win one of 15 cases! http://t ...
RT : Contest: Win an HTC One S! 
 got the worse tech support from you EVER. Not only was it not helpful, agent was condescending and refused to help me.
:'(
@translink. Thanks you driver for skipping bus stop 51190 even though your bus was not full. I am late for school.
不能睡覺， 是你寫的嗎？
RT : Contest: Win a TELUS BlackBerry Z10 in White! 
 how long are the skytrain delays going to be
好痛苦呀。。真的想忘記一切可是我一點都不可以
@futureshop ... Is the Futureshop at Metrotown location closed for good?
RT : Last day to enter this contest: Win a Bell BlackBerry Z10! 
RT : Win a TELUS BlackBerry Z10! (Contest) 
RT : Contest: Win a Bell BlackBerry Z10! 
 sucks! i was on campus today, wish i ran into you ahah :[
  isn't the compass modelled after the hk octupus system, where riders are charged for distance travelled!?
@translink can you please explain how the fare will be calculated for the new compass?Do we get charged per stop?per direction?90 time span?
 what does the sensor panel near the back exit door do!?
 you changed your username! How come?
  disappointed that you guys took away billing by the second. Was a great selling point.
 following
 I want to get the galaxy nexus phone. I'm currently on a 25voixe plan and the 2gb-25$ data plan. No contract.
@Bernice106 watching reruns of Steps!  Missed watching you on the tv!
  for the galaxy nexus I have the 2Gb data option. Can I get it phone for 200$ 2yr contract? Is it new customers only?
 is Canada line heading towards Waterfront running normally? Or is it backed up!?
@translink how are the busses along west broadway? #99 &amp; #9
 how are the busses for west Broadway? #99? And 9?
 does anipang not work on HTC? I'm running ics on incredible s HTC
Not only is the bus constantly late, some of the bus drivers are extremely rude @translink . It only gets worse.
 can you update the emoji plugin to support the new ios6 emoji?
@HTC thanks for keeping your word and releasing ics for incredible s! You guys the best!
   Just saw you on the Fresh Prince of Bel Air!
 . Give us an official statement! Is bell HTC incredible s going to get ics!? Stop avoiding and please reply
Why even post up a schedule if you are not going to follow it and be late? @translink
@Bernice106 recent news about you is nonsense ! Support you!
 @HTC. Is the HTC incredible s going to be upgraded to ics for bell customers? #sad
 HI! Do you guys have cover to get in for tonight? (saturday).  Any way to get in for free? :D
  Does the minute start counting the minute your car door unlocks or when you turn on ignition? I feel ripped off now #sad
This is so messy. Rather, I'm making it very messy.
 I love my incredible s, but is bell ever going to update it to ics? #disappointed #incredibleS, #ics
Sudden memories of you. But. They're just memories, right?
Id give up anything for u
Bigger effort to forget
Back to reality. Back to life
 I have a Van # and I'm in Toronto right now. I can still text any Canadian # w/o roaming charges right? Regular rules apply?
 texting throughout Canada is free right?
@ACwebSaver any promos/ discounts from YYZ to New York for travels btw Aug1-4? Plz and thanks
 any promos for Toronto to New York for travels btw Aug 1-aaug 4
@westjet problem solved. Please thanks Mohammed(?) for me too :)
@westjet had a great Customer Service Agent, Carol, help me over the phone!   Thanks! Any chance I can get her again for further help?
fuck...
@fidomobile I have Vancouver # but I'm in toronto right now. Is calling my own vm considered long distance?
. Are we allowed to bring food on the plane?
What have u done to me
 THANKS! i am from Van, if i go to toronto, receiving any calls is long distance, but i can call any local tor number for free?
 Are you still going to update Htc incredible S to ICS
@fidomobile I can call toronto # for free while in Tor but will be charged long distance if I pick up.Is that correct?How does data work?
 I'm from Van. If I go to Toronto, does my data count as local?
 are there regular plugs on the airlines?
Nothing will change. Forget and move on.
Why.
Why did I find out. Why did I have to find out.
  why don't you have any deals from YYZ to YVR!?
@ACwebSaver  how come you dont have any deals from YYZ to YVR!?
   Hope you guys have sales from YVR to YYZ tomorrow!!
 @bell_support .. When is ICS coming out for HTC incredible S?  ICS has been released yesterday!
 when is ICS coming out for HTC incredible S for Bell coming out :(
@Bernice106 I'm rewatching Devil's Disciple 強劍, too bad you never ended up with Bosco!  You guys were so cute together.
@ACwebSaver I hope you guys come up with some deals to Toronto from Vancouver that is more affordable
The same what ifs keep running through my mind.
 flights still almost 600$ after taxes. I hope Thurs seat sales include YVR to Toronto! #sad
 any promos for YVR to Toronto?  #excited
   I hope you guys have deals from YVR to Toronto soon!
Hi !! any deals from YVR to Toronto!? :)
its june   i hope the ICS update for incredible S bell comes out soon! :D
 cannot wait for ics and sense 3.6 for incredible s! Hope it comes soon for bell users!! June-july, come quicker!!
Regrets!
@actuallyNPH  HIMYM was great tonight. I miss you and Robin though.
uoehaigjwelgj !!!
@translink. Is the 25 heading to ubc (westbound) coming to nanaimo yet? Its late! Last week it was late 20mins!
im so tired.
Win an Eee PC Flare Series Netbook!  #EeePCFlare via 
w/o u
@Bernice106 Ah, your reply made my day =]  I hope you'll film another TV series soon.  Or come visit Vancouver.
Watching @Bernice106 in home trooper (currently airing in Vancouver =))
we barely know each other now. Strangers. :(
Moment like this.
Class so useless
I entered to win an incredible Dine Out Vancouver prize package from @myVancouver  #DINEOUT
So hungry
   I spent 115$+ on headphones and waited for 20mins for you to tell me they're not covered cuz I don't have a reciept? #unhappy
 that site also doesnt seem to let me submit my question when i go to the support page.
  tried calling your Canadian tech support, it said it was down.  Will it be back up tomorrow?  Do we need receipt for warranty?
#Ellen8Million  *insert catchy phrase here*
In the Lord I trust.
