RT : 每次去同学家，墙上都会挂着一张很大的全家福，真是羡慕。想起出国前一周，爸爸说：“来张全家福吧，下次全家福都不知是多久后了。可惜老三在新疆，这张全家福也不是完整的全家福啊！”  
父亲不知现在何处，更不知何时我才能有一张真正的全家福。 http:…
RT : Download a free edition of the 667-page World Report  (PDF) #WR2014 
World Report 2014: Ethnic discrimination,religious repression continue to fuel rising tensions in Uyghur Region.

RT : UK govt. "failed to apply sustained pressure...over HR violations [in China], inc...Tibet and Xinjiang" says  http:…
RT : “: RT  Disappearance of Ilham Tohti 
” Nice to see the State Dept. being proactive …
RT : Xinjiang doubles terror fight budget. Intropection not a feature of Nur Bekri's quotes in this article. http://t.co/mhYxOqx…
RT : Statement on  detention from  State Department Spokeswoman. 
RT : Uighur scholar and mother seized by Chinese police, says website - Tania Branigan |  http://t.co/WKycNr…
RT : UHRP Senior Researcher  examines Uyghur rights in 2013 for : 
RT : Uyghur academic Ilham Tohti and his mother were taken away at around 3-4pm, Jan 15 维吾尔学者伊力哈木·土赫提及其母亲被失踪 http://t.co/jiIQDH…
RT : Uighurbiz reports that Uighur scholar Ilham Tohti was taken away this afternoon (Jan 15). The Uighurbiz website (hosted abroa…
RT : You're running out of time to apply for our exciting new China-Eurasia position   
RT : Uyghurs in Washington DC protest outside the Chinese Embassy on January 13. 
Updated: Hundreds of Washington, D.C. area restaurant health suspensions |   via 
RT : China Pressured Costa Rica to Withdraw Asylum Bid  reports on Guantánamo Uyghurs. 
 vaaaaayyy.... Fatih Deneri oyle demis bir zamanlar!:))
RT : 'I can't believe this was done by a Chinese national.' China reacts to arrest in San Francisco consulate fire. http://t.…
Ken Roth  via 
Understanding the Uighurs  
Zakaria: 2014 Is a Make or Break Year for China  via 
Uighur men held for 12 years leave Guantánamo Bay for Slovakia  via 
RT : Uighur men held for 12 years leave Guantánamo Bay for Slovakia  via 
US sends 3 Uighur Guantanamo prisoners to Slovakia  via 
RT : It's gorgeous but you've probably never heard of it:  #Xinjiang #Uyghur #Grasslands http://t.co/nlr…
8 people killed in violence in China's Xinjiang region 
Four Uyghur Women Forced to Abort Their Babies in Xinjiang 
An Inside Look at Western China's Muslim Minority by   via @policymic
America’s Global Image Remains More Positive than China’s 
和田警察大闹乡卫生院 逼迫医生并向其开枪

Xotende bir saqchi yeziliq dohturhanida dohturgha oq chiqarghan

RT : Our prison census is available in: English, Français, Español, Portuguȇs, Русский, Türkçe, العربية, 中文, فارسی . http://t.…
RT : UN Resolution 2129(2013) reframed as "anti-Internet terrorism resolution" by   Full text http:…
RT : UN Resolution 2129 (2013) adds "that terrorism cannot and should not be associated with any religion, nationality, civiliza…
RT : A long-time exile, we interviewed Tiananmen student leader . 24 years, 6 months, 6 days since he left China. Yep…
RT : 打赢新疆反恐人民战争 对极端势力决不手软  “东突”在叙土训练营曝光 经历实战对新疆威胁大  环球时报：发动新疆基层民众打一场反恐“人民战争” http://…
Report: 16 killed in clash in China's restive Xinjiang region 
RT : "The whole world thinks we’ve disappeared, that we’re extinct"  for BBC on state portrayal of minorities. http:…
China wants Tibetans &amp; Uyghurs to sing&amp;dance but do little else.
How China distorts its minorities through propaganda 
The Other Tibet: The Tiananmen Square Crash and Uyghurs 
RT : 95% of #journalists are killed during peacetime, investigating issues in their own countries.
RT : Congressional-Executive Commission on China Roundtable
China’s Treatment of Foreign Journalists, December 11,... http://t.co/…
Toxic air is great says China's state-run TV  via 
RT : Why're govts scared of criticizing #China repression? Norway trade rose 19% in 2 yrs after Nobel Prize to Liu Xiaobo. http://t…
RT : Why is everyone so scared of criticizing #China's repression? UK trade rose 15% the year Cameron met with Dalai Lama. http://t…
I Was a Victim of Enforced Disappearance for 79 Days  via 
世界人权日：呼吁新疆维吾尔自治区公安厅尊重和保障人权  via 
RT : One small thing you can do on #HumanRightsDay - RT this &amp; ask people to follow @HRW to keep up with human rights news on the other…
RT : The Uyghur Human Rights Project commemorates Human Rights Day 
RT : 维吾尔人权项目纪念世界人权日 
RT : In Hong Kong airport listening to American businessmen talk about inhumane conditions in the Chinese factories with whic…
RT : When writing about Tibet, Xinjiang, Falun Gong: “You might get a great story but then be expelled from China," says an an…

Islamists threaten Xinjiang stability, says Chinese newspaper  via 
RT : Eleven Killed in Raid on Police Station in Xinjiang   新疆喀什发生“警民冲突”“袭警”事件 http://t.co/bK…

RT : Over 140 pple killed this year in #Xinjiang RT  3m  BBC News - China police station attack leaves 11 dead http://t…
RT : Maralbéshidiki sériqbuya saqchixanisi yene hujumgha uchridi, 11 kishi öldi: Xitayning «tengritagh tori» bügün ... http://t.…
Q&amp;A: Paul Mooney on reporting in China - 
在美维吾尔人庆祝东突国庆节 
Why the Carrot Isn't Working, Either - By Scott Radnitz and Sean Roberts | Foreign Policy 
RT : 北京对维吾尔人的盘查和监控升级

RT : LOTS of assumptions about Uyghurs in this  article Perhaps refrain from repression to alleviate tension?http:…
RT : Rarer than a panda, this endangered Xinjiang hunter was recently caught on HD camera. 
RT : Had to post this:  How High Are Xi Jinping's Pants Today? 
China's Demonization of Uighurs 
RT : "Sources related to the judicial sector in Beijing said the 3 suspects in the vehicle were likely seeking equal rights, n…
RT : The Tiananmen attack, as analyzed by a researcher of Xinjiang politics:  by @reasonablyragin

Uighurs in China are fearful after Tiananmen Square attack 
RT : Some old (1931) Xinjiang currency I found this summer in Hunza (Pak). I've just learned it was called 喀票 http://t.co/Z…
The Tiananmen Square Car Crash: Terrorism Or Accident?   via @forbes
RT : 维族人谈天安门撞车事件 - Uyghurs talk about the Tiananmen Car Crash | BBC 
RT : On Beijing subway yesterday, I walked into a crowded compartment. I saw one man point to me to his friend and nervously…
RT : Piece from  in  offers context. Tiananmen crash: Terrorism or cry of desperation? 
Tiananmen crash: Terrorism or cry of desperation? 
China says five detained in connection with Tiananmen attack  via @reuters
China captures five suspects over Tiananmen Square 'terror attack' via  
Tiananmen Square crash: five held over 'terrorist' incident  via 
Beijing police confirm ‘terrorist attack’ -   via 
RT : #China - Massive censorship of Tiananmen Square “traffic incident” 
RT : Why the Tiananmen Square Crash Is So Unnerving, by : 
RT : Video shot by witness obtained by @urbandirt 
RT : Victim of Tiananmen attack: People were running and jumping to get away from white car, but too late for me. http://t.co…

天安门汽车爆炸事件或涉及新疆维族人 
RT : At least a suspect of Tiananmen explosion comes from Shanshan, Xinjiang. June 26, a riot there led to dozens killed. http://t.c…
Secretary Kerry on International Religious Freedom Day 2013 «  
RT : China's plan to clean up its cities will parch Xinjiang and Inner Mongolia. 
RT : The Diplomat’s Joseph Hammond spoke with Uyghur activist Rebiya Kadeer 
RT @KudretEmin: An #Imam in Awat county is handed 2.5 years in #jail for removing #Chinese #flag from his mosque.  http://t.…
RT : #France calls on #China to sign treaty against enforced disappearances; allow SR on freedom of religion to visit Tibet, Xinj…
RT : #China: We won't tolerate "using the banner of human rights" to undermine "stability."  Is this also directed at HRC members…
China gives U.S. lesson in grown-up policy making – Global Public Square -  Blogs 
RT : My piece about #Kashgar for   #Xinjiang
RT : Committee to Protect Journalists, usually concerned w press attacks in poorer countries, blasts US trtmt of the press h…
Uighurs in China Say Bias Is Growing 
BBC News - China employs two million microblog monitors state media say 
China Pursues Hardline Policies Against Muslim Minority 
RT : China signs deal to take over 5% of Ukraine land, to farm for its own needs:  We'll see more of thes…
RT : China To Unblock Facebook For A Small Group Of People: Report: SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Facebook,...  #Huf…
RT : "Only the rich can afford to write about the poor,"  writes  #media #journalism RT @y…
RT : Brazilian hackers confuse Nasa with NSA in revenge attack via  
Uighurs at Xinjiang mosque have to face China flag when praying  via @AJAM  
Rumors, Suspicion and Hysteria: Urumchi's Han Residents Target Uyghurs in  September 2009 Pinprick Attack Scare 
RT : China continues to invest heavily in Africa's media 
Security Forces Said to Have Killed 12 in Raid in Western China 
China sentences three Uyghur to death 

RT : China sentences three to death for 'violent terrorism' in Xinjiang 
Unbelievable (Real) Technologies That Exist Today By   via 
Another time and pace | The Australian: 
RT : Fenerbahçe fans unveil banner in support of Eastern Turkestan (Xinjiang province) 
维吾尔运动员亚青会获银牌

RT : "Bo knows exactly what to say and what not to say. It seems some sort of understanding was reached ahead of time." Zhang Sizh…
RT : If you've ever wondered where and how your blue jeans were made...  
RT : So many dead protestors in the mosque I am visiting in Cairo that my feet are wet with disinfectant and blood. Horrific here.
RT : How not to get invited back? : Cirque de Soleil shocks 15K in Beijing with iconic Tiananmen tank man image  http://t…
RT : All of Chinese society is united against terrorism.  gets the story straight. 
RT : Uyghur Man Shot Dead in Violence Sparked by His Beard: The dispute breaks out while a religious affairs offici... http:/…
The Absurd Ramadan Ban in China is Going to Seriously Backfire on Beijing by   via 
RT : Xinjiang man sets world record by tighrope walking between two balloons. Is it a "tightrope" if it's metal? http://t.co/5…
OMG! A Muslim is obsessed with Jesus  via 
Unrest in Xinjiang not work of “Terrorists” - 
RT : #Palestine, #Egypt, #Syria, #China, #Turkey, #Saudi Arabia - all in today's Daily Brief 
RT : China's secret police to take part in UK seminar (inc. Xinjiang 2 officials)- and no mention of human rights allowed http:/…
Most To Least Religious Countries  via 
New Kind of Terrorism? is Winning Hearts and Minds 
《Why a Reporter Feels Sympathy for an Airport Bomber -》文章链接：
RT : Since Lukchun and Hanerik incidents, state media has kept up a sustained propaganda campaign against  http:/…
RT : Uyghur Facebook Use and Diasporic Identity Construction. 
A Minority in the Middle Kingdom: My Experience Being Black in China -  
RT : Asia Times Online :: China claims Uyghurs trained in Syria  Absurd.
CHINA IS THE ONLY COUNTRY THAT BANS ITS CITIZENS FROM PERFORMING RAMADAN FASTING  via @mirajnewsagency
RT : C'mon China, another headline straight from The Onion? "Now drinking straws may be killing us too" 
Playing the Long Game: Unrest and Changing Demography in Xinjiang | Foreign Policy Research Institute: 
RT : My new article ....China’s Wild West: A Cautionary Tale of Ethnic Conflict and Development | The Diplomat http://t.co/7IuSc…
RT : Chinese Dream becomes mosque, university and prison dream: 
    
                The Chinese Drea...  …
RT :  on China: With The Start of Ramadan, Lift All Religious Freedom Restrictions. 
China’s “War on Terror” in Xinjiang | China Power | The Diplomat  via 
RT : 新疆冲突：北京在外国寻找替罪羊？ DW.DE | 02.07.2013  Xinjiang conflict: Is Beijing looking for an outside scapegoat? Th…
Learning the Wrong Lessons in Xinjiang | Dissent Magazine  via @dissentmag
RT : More photos out of Xinjiang. “: RT :  新疆形势严峻啊，又上升到政治了。习近平批文啊！ ”
RT : BBC News - Violence in China's Xinjiang 'kills 27' 
RT : One Chinese report on Xinjiang riot today already claiming "terrorists" involved 
RT : #China religious prisoner hides cry for help in Halloween exports he's making &amp; a US mom reads it 
A guide to what’s going on in Istanbul’s Gezi Park 
RT : Bunu yayalim lutfen ! #direngeziparki #occupyturkey #occupytaksim #occupygeziparki 
RT @gi_syrian: Turkish soldiers give out gas masks to the crowds against Erdogan's police #occupygezi #diregaziparki #turkishspring http://…
RT : Istanbul's asking for your help.media censorship in Turkey! please spread the word #occupygezi .  http://t.…
RT : New  report: Weekly Palestinian injuries by Israeli forces have been more than double the rate in 2012.
http:…
RUSI - The Long Arm of the Law in Xinjiang: Fresh Violence Erupts in China's Muslim Far West#.UYEgyTZxSfJ.twitter 
RT : New report from UHRP. Sacred Right Defiled: China’s Iron-Fisted Repression of #Uyghur Religious Freedom http://t.co/jX5W5wm…
Secretary Kerry To Release Annual Human Rights Reports  (from )
Ai Weiwei: 'Every day in China, we put the state on trial' | Ai Weiwei  via 
Censorship and persecution in pole position at Shanghai Grand Prix - Reporters Without Borders  via @rsf_rwb
RT : From Weibo: "新疆喀什英吉沙县网友说：居委会来搜索ta家，ta问居委会的人有没有搜索证，过了5-6分钟国家安全局的人来了。他们让居委会搜索ta家，二话不说把这位网友带走了。以ta教孩子的阿拉伯语资料为证据，审问ta《非法教育孩子 ...
Life In Balance: Cultural Identity of Uyghurs in Xinjiang, China.  #letstravelsomewhere via 
RT : It's April 1 somewhere. China wants to give minorities a higher standard of living. What's so tyrannical about that? htt ...
Feds: Researcher at Medical College of Wisconsin stole US cancer data to study in China: 
RT : The war expense could have gotten every last kid on the planet a primary school education for the next 300 years.
RT : China jails 20 on jihad, separatism charges in restive Xinjiang 
RT : Falling Out of Love With China: China's image is suffering from US to Russia, MidEast to Africa 
New Chinese President Xi aims to paint Africa red — RT Op-Edge 
RT : Nigeria's central bank governor says Africa "opening itself up to a new form of imperialism" by China  http://t.co/MGB ...
Rich Chinese Flee, Bringing Their Wealth With Them 
RT : In the light of the Atikem Rozi case, an in-depth look at passport refusals &amp; confiscations among #Uyghurs from UHRP ...
RT : Watch out for #skype:  Journalists and activists report having their Skype calls tapped, ‏; @ ...
RT : XUAR Youth League campaign against "illegal" religious activity. 坚决抵制非法宗教 奠定和牢固青少年的思想基础. 
RT : #China saw more than 17,000 violent attacks against hospital doctors and health care workers in 2010: Elizabeth Econo ...
China: Uighur writer’s death in prison bitter blow | Amnesty International 
RT : Happy New Year to 2013 with a gallery of photos from celebrations around the world.  
RT : Memetjan Abdulla &amp; Gulmire Imin honored with Hellman/Hammett awards by   Read 2nd para of UD ...
RT : Thank goodness I only cover war and genocide and not really dangerous things--like kitty cats: 
RT : The world is watching &amp; we demand you stop attacks on civilians    http://t.co/HG9C ...
RT : What they say: Continue reform and opening up. What they do: Block Bloomberg, NYTimes and now GOOGLE
Unsung Heroes - By Tom Malinowski | Foreign Policy 
RT : Today is #LIVESTRONGDay! Every message you share will raise $1 for cancer survivors. RT this or share your own: http://t ...
RT : Human Rights Violations Against Uyghurs Discussed at the 21st Session of the UN Human Rights Council. 
The iPhone 5 frenzy  
RT : In China u can't be angry abt gov that takes away ur dignity but u r encouraged 2 hate the Japanese " : htt ...
RT : New York City passes first U.S. ban on oversized sugary drinks 
RT : Obama should set a red line for Bibi Netanyahu: No interference in US elections!
China: Stop Expelling Refugees 
"Shanghai Cooperation Organisation: a vehicle for human rights violations"
China’s New Political Class: The People | China Power  via 
USCIRF Urges China to End Restrictions and Violence during Ramadan - USCIRF  via @sharethis
Ai Weiwei: China excluded its people from the Olympics. London is different  via 
RT : A worker takes a nap on a railway track in China as he lies under a crane to protect himself from the sun... - http ...
RT : Sveriges Radio: Deportation of Uyghurs to China stopped 
Disappearing China’s Uighurs - Amnesty International Australia: 
RT : #China is one of the top 6 arms exporters. We need China to support a bullet-proof #ArmsTreaty with strong #humanrights
More Uyghurs Missing Loved Ones: 
RT : Uighurs 'face fight for existence' against China. 
Search for a Missing Son: 
RT : Two #Uighurs get a fresh start in El Salvador. WaPo editorial. 
Japan Backs Uyghu Rights

RT : Buses Asked to Eject Uyghur Petitioners: 
Nury A. Turkel: A Turkish Primer on Engaging Beijing  via 
U.S. resettles two Guantánamo captives in El Salvador - Guantánamo -  
BBC News - China writers hosted at London Book Fair 
world's cutest dog Boo is alive:)

