#nowplaying 陶喆-就是爱你
想唱一首歌,关于我的歌
 Dont pierce again?
两天连续不睡觉,又病了 zzzz
昨天一句话,今天一张相。人生
想起你我考试的时候,那回忆
老天爷,这是考研吗?
 Sorry ytd cant control.
Yea I deserve it.
 fk you cb lanjiao diam la niama
Im sleepy too, sicked, flu, cough, fever, but you know?
What happened......................................
Why? What are we now......................
#不一定要是情侣 
除了我妈,姐,妹,还有她啊! 求求你
上帝,可以对我家女人好一点吗?
#np Take me to your heart
 当你累了,觉得无助时,别忘了还有我啊,你不必要对我说出来,只对我说,你累了,你不开心,你需要肩膀休息。就让我跟你一起分担你的疲惫,悲伤,好吗?
Its only my way to get know about you
Repeat daily, back home, the first thing is wifi on, check your twitter,insta,fb and wechat.
没有你,我很颓废
#我不会忘记 谁说过我爱你
一玩起来,谁也不记得,什么都不管
玩玩玩,只知道玩
妈的。 o0o
Damn, I'm very hot now. Don't touch me
The less you care, the happier you are!
不屑。
RT : Explaining your feelings to someone is never easy.
Its a tired journey! :(
Guy cant jealous,cant angry, cant sad? #feelingmeh
The feeling like 'Fuck yea'
The moment saw her comment on ppl's wall, whereas I didnt get any msg
Nowonder cheh cheh cheh cheh cheh cheh cheh
Ah liam this kepoji
##I'm suprised
Cheh thought self automatically msg me one
William fall in love to Croatia student &lt;3
Its really sugeehhh!
Two student from Croatia and Pakistan, bring us for a tour in the uni!
Consultant and student, pretty with handsome sexaaay!
My uni 60% are come from different countries, overall hunderd plus countries!
Went my uni today also, supperrb nice! Excited for May coming!
A big lake with a big jogging park, few pairs of couple jogging with puppies #FeelingRomantic
Girls holding puppies, awww sweeet~
Sunway SPK Desa Park, its a nice place!
我爱上KL美眉们 &lt;3.&lt;3
I miss  ! :(
Beiiiiiiii
Wo xiang ni le.....
Maybe her happiness affected me :P
I feel warm suddenly omg
She reached safely! :D
Free for few days! :D
When I need you, when you need me
A wonderful night! :D
RT : Treat people how you want to be treated.
Wan an! :D
这世界上没有1+0=2的东西。
互相扶持,互相关怀,互相付出,互相珍惜,互相依靠。
Guilty guilty guilty, I hate this word TOTALLY. #DAMN
Promise, a fact make people dissappointed.
Fine, it's my fate :3
 Is wake up too early, ngong!
I need dream, to fall asleep :(((
甚至快乐也给了你
原本说好把50%留给自己,却不忍心,把全部都给了你,唯留那残酷一点点给自己。
Yeee thought today can change pp :-I
Gonna stay miss her for few days..
Haihh she's going oversea again :(
怎么觉得这个月好像一个人在过..
 Yalah! Sorry lo!
 Drive motor without asking? Fine!
RT : Have you noticed that when you do something good, no one seems to remember, but when you mess up, no one seems to forge…
RT : Life is just like a book. Everyday is a new page. Every month is a new chapter. Every year is a new series.
Goodnight peace world
Silent is the best.
Who did so much and who knows.
Purposely change the ringtone to a louder song to wake me up so that i wont miss ur msg.
Love &lt;3
The feeling came back.
Morning without you, I cant.
Looks like wanna cry awwwwww...
I knew, it was once. And now, it's a past tense.
Look through back wechat, text msg, fb conversation. Remember back our phone call.
 somemore
 I force bu dao u geh, self know loh :D
 Said share with me your happinness, sadness, anger, everything :(
 And it what meant?
Very hot now damn
I want to vent!!!
很想呐喊"我们就不能拥有一段完美的感情吗?我们就不能想其他情侣一样的关系吗?我就不能快快乐乐地与你度过每一天吗? 啊啊!!!!!!
Mood extremely bad. Fuck
Arghh fxxk insomnia again shit
My problem?
每次和朋友在一起,看见他们说起那甜蜜开心的故事,我就会默默的自卑起来了。
心在折腾
#沉浸在爱的海洋
Feel likes getting futher getting stranger
Sigh sigh sigh
爱 就是这样。 
You know that not what I meant
Now I just want SLEEP!
Hahahaha that jiyong! Driving car, lou po rush him back xD
Tired dieeeeee
It's kill me. Dont want be a patung -_-
I dontwant a place where have a lots of people with you and me.
Goodnight world.
Its enough for me dy ^_^ I dont eager for more!
#I'll say will you marry me 
Addicted to this song!
RT : Can we spend a day together? Just you and me?
Since now, we had a distance.
I wish she will find for me when need in help, she will lying on me when she's weak, she will share with me to overcome all the troubles .
Tears in the heart
I scare.
I want start from beginning...
Totally dont know what to do
 Hii sista....
#因为爱 所以爱
In relationship, right?
I have no idea already. I tried everything, did everything, but got this treat back from you
 Hope so! Hahaha
 I also dunoe.. Its suffer...
 放在心里很辛苦..
有话想讲,不知如何说出来
#Come back to me #Come back to me
Love u u
世界很简单, 人类很复杂。
Love is not a game, it can't pause it there and continue later. Its not a deal, its not a loan and pay it back after that.
Rather spend your time on rolling through fb than text me a morning text.
Goodnight world :D
Sometimes, I rather that I was a girl.
Sarveen and william went for GSC cinema, Eric and me went TONG BAK FU! That Keng Eric! Cheat my money again! #fuuuuu
Live for myself! My parents, my family...
Yea, I've done with my future. Electrical and electronic engineering $_$
RT : It's such a horrible feeling to stay quiet when you have so much to say.When you have to keep all your feelings inside yo…
RT : Nobody deserves to be treated like an option..
RT : 有些事，想多了头疼，想通了却心疼。
Yea enjoy.
I can accept all the way you are, but just don't change yourself. Please, just don't change.
Freaking headache! #dAmn
Sicked.. wth
Awww tired :/
Who knows, the feeling...
Why can't just be nature. I want is that.
Sigh.... I'm still a part-time man.
On da face
Smiling mask-ed.
I need a text. Where are you? :(
I miss you. Miss you badly.
.......... Its quiet suffer.
Bittersweet.
I miss her :(
F.C.U.K
 tell me later :(
RT @XinQingYuLu_: RT 生活中最好的东西都是免费的 
 really boring mah :O
 chatting.. didnt saw it?
 sorry darling :(
 lu diam diam
Walaao borrringg lehhhh
Fine , no more.
End up Bio revision quickly, wanna have a sweet call, Shit la.
Ruin mood, ruin day
Promise is a Shit.
Arghh! FIRST time slept till so lateeee! Gek simm :(
 是~ 明年不要让我看到你考spm 蛤 :(
 是 我应该的~
 我很开心,却很愧疚 :(
 
 在你不知道的时候 :(
这故事里 有两个主角,只有一个存在。
其实我们都在逃避
又是一个人的夜晚 :/
有讲等于没有讲, 有问等于没有问
My words may hurt, but it hurt me more that that .
TMD TMD TMD
!@#**?。*!&amp;@#%@!!!!!!!
Damn! Whats wrong again?! Everytime must like this!
RT : A good boyfriend always sends his girl a good morning/goodnight text, even if he's busy all day, just to let her know she's…
爱你十分泪七分
#如果有一天到 我悄然离去
想说 可以跟我讲话精神不要睡觉吗？
Qpwijrktlapmzjxofsuauwhrjfodaowkkddocmxksaoqqs SHIT BORING DIEEEEE
I believe, ass joke
Nvm, used to be already zzzzz
And there, again.
You pay 100%, but dont expect to get back 100%, even though 80%.
 深!
#写一首简单的歌 让自己心情快乐
 We everyday go arr, wait u come only!
Fantastic
I prefer honest than a reason.
Insomnia.
情字易写却难懂
She gave me bitters and gave others sweets. Becoz I'm her bf....
  She's back! :*
 haode busadjiubusad :P xiexieni~ nigaiquwenxileho!
 shidesista! Kaowanshilezaisad :( niyehuishuokaoshi,nikankannizaiganma......
 natiankaoshichulaideshihougua.. haiyoulingwaiyigedianhuala.. meiyounidehaomaliao.. shilawohuipmnide.. 你现在需要的是叫你妈妈去中药店买板蓝根药丸给你吃 :(
 dianhuazaixuexiaobeitoule.. meiyoudifangkeyitoutougennijiang :(
