Resign 戏码 take 9 , 希望这次有得杀青了
懒觉 懒觉 ，拜六就是要去公司给懒觉老板看自己很想睡懒觉的脸 ，放工过后继续懒觉
See you in March ! ☆☆☆
人蠢无药医，不要度懒笨蛋
我飘到火星了
一个笨蛋来找你讲话你会觉得他很可怜，一整群一起来的时候就是另一个故事了 （他妈的干！）
我好想很多东西没有做 （°ο°）
一切顺利，万事如意 #极乐寺 
半夜游我的风来了 之 斗母宫 
只要骗得够透
Happy Chinese New YearYear Year Year Year Year Year Year Year Year Year Year Year Year Year Year Year
鄧紫棋 G.E.M. Tang - 我要我們在一起 Cover HD 720p (at 我是歌手 第二季 - I Am A Singer : S...:  via @youtube
咚咚咚咚锵锵锵～鸡精送礼～ 咚咚咚咚锵锵锵～基精送你～ 
 huat arhhhh
Holidayyyyyyy starrrrrrrrrrtsss ohh yeahhhhhh
陶喆&amp;關詩敏《屋頂》:  via @youtube
原来我喜欢这样
今天开始不可以犯错了⊙_⊙
马。来。啦！ 
今天心情整个high~ *mountain top~就跟着一起来～
 the 烧卖 uncle opposite my office also know me ady haha
With the name of 顺利ness ★
  buy me something
人生就像厕所， 要么当大便的人，要么当吃大便的马桶
我要剪酷酷的头毛！
Sausage mushroom mushroom mushroom tomato meatball bacon blackpepper carbonara small pasta big pasta… 
我对人没有冷淡更没有冷漠 ， 我这叫没情绪
 like 男姑娘
 everday 通宵 hon will die 1
 wtf is that
生活，幾莖頭髮幾莖愁；
飄過，恰似天地一蜉蝣。

曲終了，燈未盡，月積水，帶露去，
衣袖沾溼不要緊；

人不見，數峰青，東籬下，一身輕，
繽紛落英，忘了路遠近。
三个钟里面挤这堆东西出来让我发现原来我也可以这么变态 
 我买organic 的
到时你买车我会送回你一样的东西
 power puff girls
一年换两辆车弄到我突然觉得自己很富贵
信心就是拿来被打击的
混沌
 eat bak kut teh alone makes me feel u really kesian
Haters going to hate
Good morning 
That's the way how i protect myself (￣(工)￣)
遇上一个迷恋菊花的死变态
从intern开始 ice age tv 就是我的商标™   *w*Y 
我只想在乎我在乎的
 Made someone pregnant?
 hahahahahaha
所以说，我还要辛苦自己多半年就对了
 卤味! thanks!
本人是非常乐意做有金分的孙媳妇
 big bowl
 kan ni neh
两角钱的幸运，一天的开朗
 omg your face really not suite pokemon , not suite than zoo
 fat liao
balik kampung, nice view! 
B.M.T. tonight! 
Good morning 
 sat only lo
 happy merdeka!
yay happy friday
i suddenly become rich
ikea stuff , 果然只能远远看 
mom's birthday tomorrow , how to celebrate?
 我不明白 林育羣 还去比来做么
 i like that pink!
好好一间房间就这样被我弄到变儿童房 
Because i know who is paying me
blink~ oh yeah im gonna blink~ blink~ blink~
这种情况下还能不 improve 咩
 力不从心
今天偷懒！
 wah so 难得 u like my song
busy day busy day
iii ammm soooo sleeepyy in officeeeee   -_-zzz
i will leave someday
 can go dy?
 
feel like to buy shoes suddenly
 got chance eh  got chance eh
ahhhh! again!! 5 this time!!! 
it is just a fcking background
  i always active eh
shit this
