VITAS Dedication [Live 2003] 720P:  来自 @youtube
平安夜:  来自 @youtube
柔声倾诉（教父） The God father - Speak Softly Love  :  来自 @youtube
平安夜（夏洛特·丘奇） Charlotte Church - Silent Night:  来自 @youtube
圣善夜（安东尼·科里亚） Anthony Callea - O Holy Night:  来自 @youtube
圣母颂-巴赫 （凯瑟琳·詹金斯） Katherine Jenkins - Ave Maria （Bach）:  来自 @youtube
桑塔·露琪娅（帕瓦罗蒂、芙曼蒂 ） Luciano Pavarotti &amp; Giorgia Fumanti  - Santa Lucia:  来自 @youtube
我的太阳（帕瓦罗蒂） Luciano Pavarotti - O Sole Mio:  来自 @youtube-- Luciano Pavarotti - O Sole Mio
我的太阳（帕瓦罗蒂） Luciano Pavarotti - O Sole Mio:  来自 @youtube
"O SOLE MIO"  ("My Sunshine")  Italian, piano:  来自 @youtube
Luciano Pavarotti &amp; Frank Sinatra - My Way:  来自 @youtube
The Best of Mozart:  来自 @youtube
You Are My Sunshine - Johnny Cash with June Carter:  来自 @youtube
You are my SunShine:  来自 @youtube
You are my Sunshine:  来自 @youtube
Baby Parrot Flying Lessons:  来自 @youtube
Baby Parrot Handfeeding Time:  来自 @youtube-
Baby Parrot Handfeeding Time:  来自 @youtube
Baby Budgies Growth Stages:  来自 @youtube-
Baby Budgies Growth Stages:  来自 @youtube
Disco's fallen and he can't get up!:  来自 @youtube
Disco's fallen and he can't get up!:  来自 @youtube
I Dreamz of Cheeseburger:  来自 @youtube
Disco Sings the Stones - and Prospers:  来自 @youtube
One Phrase Leads to Another:  来自 @youtube
see how God blessing them with their feathers, and songs and intelligence of be able to talk with us and learn so fast and fun ways.
I love music and song birds, particularly parrots. they are so positive and happy. full of good and innocent energy.
I love aliens .
this is my view and idea. and I do love aliens. wish to meet with them and communicate with them too.
and we must focus on this idea only.
I like the smartest Dr. Einstein 's way, solve the war problem in one second.
because even if I like soldiers and military, but never like any wars physically and mentally, and hate argue at all.
this can save us a lot time and energy to argue or even talk with who we do not liked.
I like similar minded friends only. who we also loving each other a lot.
I believe so.
because parents and kids are different individuals, each of them bearing their own sins.
but , I am also very glad, when they grow up, they did not copy their parents, but leading a better and right way of life by themselves.
now end up here, I realize that many people were actually abandoned and have no parents at all. and do not know who are their parents.
because they are my parents .
even if they also did wrong things to me, but I will still loving and respecting them in deep.
I do respect and loving my own parents too, so, not like all other rebellion children, I dare not change anything of my name when I grow up.
Ai Jun, is my name. Named by my own parents when I was born.
this is not right.
many people confused with my first name, always only remember call me : Ai Wu
Ai Jun, Wu
my sister also has Ai in her name, so , she was blessed too, and I love her too.
anyone has Ai, in their name, is really lucky ones, because Ai means Love, and Love is God.
therefore, I love my very own real name: aijun, ai jun, Ai means love; Jun means military.
I love him to the death, to the end of the world.
I am his cherished Jewellery and he is mine real beloved.
I thank God keeping me and always loving me, because I am his and he is mine.
I praying for my own peace everyday, before I go to sleep too, because in this world, there is no place that is really peaceful.
or, we shall never have peace, which is most valuable in our lives. 
many other religious also offering sacrifice for peace offering.
for ex: if we see our partner is cheating us, doing all wrong things, or our kids do so, we shall let them go, or , we have to leave them.
in our families is the same though, so, we all should be activist for our maintain our own peace and happiness in our base--our homes ,
same thing writing in history too, judgment and fairness should be there, or the nation won't have any peace.
it really necessary, when majority people turns to evil and only wait.
therefore, I understand now, why sometimes wars necessary. deeply understanding it now.
so, majority only want take advantage of other people and always in waiting, even if things are very wrong and not fair.
and do nothing or less to be done by very few intelligent small groups only.
because they are always very negative, and endure all the wrong doing from their empires and dynasties.
ppl have to fight for their lives, because they have no other solutions.
this let me recall all the wars China has before, all the negative defensive wars.
my real name aijun, means love and soldier and army. also gentleman.
we see here many opposite: men all have cats and dogs, women have dogs and cats and any pets they want to have.
we do not know why?
such as saying: man shall not have cats, and woman shall not have dogs.
and have many taboo.
most chinese culture did not encourage individualism.
what is fear doubt and hesitate do to us? they shall have no place in our heart and souls.
if I like, I say I like, if I do not like, I say so too. directly to you.
they all have positive spirits.
music and pets and kids really can make us together and happy to sharing too.
we may feel and difference, but the kids is so pretty and smart, day after day, strengthen our belief of conquer ourselves.
still loving and sharing and caring, this is encouraged me to write these experience of mine , sharing and encourage all others in darkness.
I am now sharing with a very loving family, with all mix cultures and races, and many tough difficulties we have experienced.
I actually have it, now, more strong with this belief.
very clear, and very dedicated like do like lions, this is what will and spirit I am need to learn from, amazing personality.
they are super talented and dedicated people, knowing what they want and do.
what is the difference between royal family and other families? the spirit.
aijun -- first name.
wu   --  last name.
aijun wu
a good business tool
the post is stable to reference too.
it better also than facebook to filter unwanted ppl in.

twitter is always better than use our own site, because more audience
is always from ourselves only.
finally, after a lot a lot hardship, we will finally discover God's wonderful plan for us--do our own plans and things,and the best edition
but, I will do them.
I am too slow in working my own books, and dream a lot though to make and lay out the frame works I need to do. now.
Bill Gate's understanding is beyond word I can see, therefore, just admire and what he has accomplished and still working for.
Have 3-5 kids, when we still strong and able to have them.
we will be working all together, never split and separate, we lack nothing and will helping more people around us.
Wishing to see only amazing and glamorous friends of mine, establish a wonderful family like Bill Gates' family.
I do not want even to mention about them now.
feel deep pity of those younger youth and older men, some are similar aging with me, nevertheless, they are nothing now to me. all together.
of try to occupying me and get my attention, they turn to negative fears and jealousy, all I can do is ignoring them.
I despise those men and women, and even they pretend first to show me positive sides of them, then , they can not resist the temptation
fear and jealousy are all coming from negative minds.
that maybe why we see many Hindus living and working here.
many things happened in Chinese history , very similar to western Bible history, this also make me feel amazing.
fancy is that he also can translate "dreams" very accurately, exactly like Josephe.
that is why, the most divine book in ancient chinese literature, name is : "changes" .--Yi Jing, wrote by emperor Zhou.
changes.
I am a person always love changes, and that is why , many ppl do not understand me. this is my sign.
because majority ppl are very stubborn and do not want to change, only flexible ppl who love changes will get it.
poverty is a myth, many times, it is not bais, it build in.
rich families are few, most are still in poverty, but lack of either cash or digital money, due to lack of technology and access.
too.
it is hard, but, first of all, we also need to think about our own ppl here more too, this is my view. cause there are so much needs here
because fears and never understand their culture and language, I guess without religion belief, nobody can really even think about do it.
guess like Bill Gates foundation, go out to African, Indian to help those poor people, to most of others, just too hard to think and do.
this is very true.
but if we can go through earlier, we will be have less fear and grow up quickly.
car or house, etc, we have fears, we all have.
it same as many "first time"s we have all experience, such as first time have sex, first time have kids, first time marriage, buy our first
be a success entrepreneur is never easy , need long time accumulation of knowledge and experience and learning process, also need difficulty
entrepreneur .
it is amazed to see most people here all are entrepreneur . and do not be afraid, the more you do independent working, the better you lived.
while we human is totally different than animals.
but this demand longer time together to learn and do, USA and Canada's multiculturalism showed this too to us.
in really rare cases, it can.
this shall beyond explain and teach of language and knowledge, because this is gifted only , may not be able to transferable.
but can we human teach each other beyond their chicken agenda to eagle agenda ? maybe or maybe not.
it same as a group of swan living together, build their community, and nests, group of eagle living together, groups of chicken together.
this is all about language, intelligence , education, and be able to learn  and do it.
the poverty is from the mind and brain. see and observe the building design, the industry ideas, etc, also , this may related to race.
when we see and observe Bill Gates and his family and spouse's twitter pages, we will be able to understand our difference.
problem is always from ourselves.
if we understand it.
our flesh and bodies following our souls to everywhere we dreamed and wished to be. this is the truth too. so, race shall not a problem
now I begin to understanding more and appreciating the experiences showed to me the truth .is the truth
how many ppl be able to understand the secret of connecting ppl's souls?
Hi 。
