  cheh cheat balee xD the piles of books are so high that she can't even see us xD重点是我左右两边的人也不会做TT cheat不到
 got :&gt;
  yeaa I sure of it xD
  I get 20 bale diu also dunno wendati wrong where she dowan give me full marks -.-
RT : 
Dear bros, Im going to reply to comments on this video as much as I can.
Get in there ASAP!
 为了pass sejarah TvT so say he lengzai hahahahahahah xD
  heh cheer up laa she'll hate it if she sees u like this xD
 FUIYOHH HE SO LENGZAIII XDD 呸
  lol ya eihh same here hahahahah xD hen7dulan guanpetpet :&gt;
  don't emo larrr maybe she's studying now so no time to err chat (?) With u leh dun emo dun emo xD
 say dao macam u no torsui me jiang hengg &lt;.&lt; xD
  guanpetpet call our class 死八婆 and死八公 when we talk during class xD
 I memang noob de haiss -v-  bobian xDD
 u gottttt dun act lerr xD the whole class know le yohh act also no use de xD
Masao baba ._. What a name lololol
 yes jiu yes larkk dun shyy xD awwww xDD
 lacking of hamster's love lahh xD jkjk
Xiexie owen fangxue teach me sejarah TvT
I'm halfway through sejarah whee
  enn good xD
  hahahaha yeala walao xD he come in scold us daolaji we always laugh de lol xD
  I won't let u slap him de hengg :&lt;
 水瓶座la noob不会用google translate de u xD
  HAHAH form one he keep catch our class didn't 倒垃圾 xD
 aquarius :D
  none :&gt;
  LOL 伍业和also help us keep违禁品的lehh x) 我们爱死他了 xD
  wtf我对他的屁股没兴趣 -3- 我让给你zha bahh xD
  he no bo derr nt fun liao -3- zha his pigu laa xD
  omg serious? Hahahahahaha qiangda eih (y) xD our class nvr gek teacher before lol TvT
 walaoehh okkkkkk我跟你好我跟你好一辈子 @@ 真怕了你 o_o
RT :   cane her sin hahahahaha
  wadafak hahahahah so evil niaa xD
RT : 怎么感觉考完试了
 hmm好主意 xD (y)
  lol 7xiaozhang eh xD the more ppl the better so3lian cooperate v 3ai she sure die de :&gt;
  lol me too ._. Gg bale takde susah xD
 can dowan give rose maa xD I boh lui buy eih :( imma give her a wild flower I picked from somewhere in chkl xD
  yeaa
":  3 lian + 3 ai = guan pet pet die :'( AHahahaha"
 yeahhhh xDD 合作愉快 xDD
I think I can get an A for kh :D
 we all also fail99 hahahahahahah xD gek sei ta lololol xDD
 OHHH OKAYOKAY THANKYOU YOOO :&gt;
 OMG HAHAHAHAHAHA YESSSS THANKYOU FOR THROWING THAT SHIT DOWN xDD buy ma buy la then throw again xD
": 感觉明天没有考试了 sot .-."
 the farkk u got answer liaoo?!
": 二下拿不懂谁的藤鞭到处鞭人xD macam guan hui lan der xD" HAHAHAHAHAHAH不要还给她那个藤鞭!! xD
 哈哈 乖乖哟 xD 原来我对你来讲是很重要的 -v- if我不跟你好你会怎样
 原来 -3- 我不要跟你好了 :((
 really aa? :D 不要勉强哟 A_A
 还是*
 我还get不到他在讲什么 zzz
RT : "老板我要三碗牛肉面!!"
"這塊木真的老了!!"
NANI (?)
 I'm cute :&gt; not him -3- he drug addict laide
 yayaya xDD aiyo if realli tmr still duno then err find jingle xD
 walaoehhh nvm nvm tmr u teach me maybe u'll suddenly get dao then TADAHH win xD
 but he's vry sh -3-
 bring it on x) hahahah wobupa wobupa xD
 no xD zmkk? :&gt;
 放下了吗? :))
 patlao de larh ni xD
 and taaaaall o.o x) but now I knw ur not scary laa xD haha hen sampat xia de xD
Maybe he's right maybe I am堕落 TT
Frankie said that I'm 堕落 ._. Cause I lost track of where my mom's car is ._.
 because ur my friend :&gt;
 because u macam hen fierce jiang &gt;&lt; thts y I dun dare talk to u lol xD
My hair is brown colour le ._. 营养不良 TAT
然后被训育老师赶下楼LOLOLOL xD
After school we shouted from the top floor to the ground floor cause we saw kenneth hahahahah we shouted "HONGLING HAMSTERRRRR!!!" XDD
 sorry lo dun cry dun cry you're important to me de &gt;&lt;
 yerrrrr k lo :&lt; I lose I lose xD weihh I tell u ah qishi last yr I was very scared of u de hahahah xD
如果时间可以倒流 我的华语一定会及格的.
 thn ur also background lo &lt;.&lt; owen is the main character (?) :33
 cheh I tht I realli scare dao u timm -3- haizz I'll try again next time xD
Didn't drink much water in school :/
 but I din gap u baliao eih I also gt gap owen yingying carolyn frankie eih AvA oh and hornbill lol xDD
 wow I so yeng AvA can scare dao u wahahah *rawr* :&gt;
 yerrr tht time I gap thm both gap sien le so gap other ppl lo xD
Bath.
 ohoho不敢骗我噢 xD I hen scary shii AvA
 ur sitting infront of me baler eih how to not see u jekk xD 我跟carolyn在那里笑你 hahahah so funny eihh
 but u told me ur chinese读的全部都有出? -.- 你骗我啊 -3-
And then yingying frankie benji hornbill was playing v their phones /.\ distracting me TT
And then yonghan and carolyn fishing while he's teaching hahahahahah xD
Owen taught me sejarah just now ohyeahhh macam can pass lee AvA
Kh can pass de la
Chemistry duno can pass anot
Fck bc -.-
 why she cry? :o
 wtff :(( learn le tmr teach mee xD
RT : damn you bc
RT : 我今天的就放弃 接下来的再尽力
 I didn't write any notes.. its all in my textbook
 nonono go swim in trisha's 盆地 better x) deeper leh got more space to swim in xD
华语fail bale zzz takde susah pun.
Morning ;*
Today stats: One follower, One unfollower via 
 congratss
 enen TvT heheheh :&gt;
 because my memory is full and can only recall chp4 -.- the rest is encrypted (?) liao lol
 yeahh you're right :( SIGH FML
 lolol me too le haihh :( jiayou bahh TvT
 come let's think about how miserable our lives are and cry in a corner together with other堕落peeps :((
RT :  the walking dead of chong hwa lol
 if ur airport thn我买不是 盆地ady? o.o
": fuck I know science is more important than Chinese but if there're more bc lessons than science lessons :c" oooohhh sheeeet o.o
RT : fuck I know science is more important than Chinese but if there're more bc lessons than science lessons :c
 okayy :) chinese主题 TT got 8 to memorize eh dailou o_o
OKAY科学比华语重要 因为我明年需要读我的理科
 YEALA IKR EVEN MY PARENTS PITY ME FOR HAVING TO MEMORIZE THESE SHIATSS -3-
 reading already ahh /.\ yao cry le TAT
背了 忘记了 又背过 又忘记 I. FEEL. USELESS.
华语背酱多lapsap东西来搞? 长大后都不需要用到zzz 又帮不到我以后找工作 MEHH -.-
Steadyy o.o
CHINESE. WADAFUQ MAN -.-
 hehhe welcc ;)
 作者通过秋天郊野萧杀苍凉景象的描写, 表达了天涯游子孤寂凄楚的心情
RT : Wow that was a great night. 2 Awards! You guys are amazing!
RT : 沒有力背
RT : Can't thank everyone who voted enough :) had a great night last night !
RT : 让人误会你对他有好感那种感觉不好受 我受过 不想让别人也感受
RT : 教務處 你們贏料咯
 enen you too yoo :3
 shhh won't de pls u sot daa xD
 okok TAT I will nu li de blow de haha :p
哪一粒妈蛋set这次的华语考试范围的 -.-
 kk tqtq Tt
 whaaaat o.o omg thanks lol I'm gonna cry
 enen u too bishyy TT :*
Form one de 主题needa memorize?? :/
 haha morning! xD
Die die die die die die x.x
Farkk ._. Chinese fanyi and zhuti noww @@
I overslept -.-
  horrr bad bad yoo kenneth blame other ppl -3-
 walao today de is not because of me eihh
 yayayaya xDD
 enen she hen hao derr give le a lot of tips x)
我要感谢我的twitter有notifications来不会响 不会出现在notifications bar里面 TvT 啊不然我不用读书了 :/
 SHIEIHH hahhahaha he pass by my class we ask him give tips he say river hen important lololol zzz
 wooootss xDD congratss whole class know jor hahahahau xD
 omg she's my kh teacher too! :3 hehehe :&gt;
 lol u'll become powerful after u wake up from power sleep lol xD
今天看到你样子很凶TT 7恐怖ehh TAT 吓到我 o.o
Huaxue KH chinese failfailfail /.\
Home :)
 blekk jiejie forgive u xD
 morning! XD
 ohh okok xiexiee :* :* MUAH MUAH MUAH
 hahaha ur name heiren is equally as good xDD
 u lo didn't give me tissue
Morning ;)
Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via 
Goodluck fr tmr :)
Don't miss me xD
And nights everyone :*
K srsly bye
   awww yeaaa &lt;33
 harr ._. So全部没有问答题??
Mmkhay modem's gonna off TAT byee twitter :* :(
 lololol I play IRONPANTS hahahaahahah zzz high score one bale wtf
Fishing again -.- zzz weiyi slap me pls
 OWHH XIEXIENI YO SOHAI xDD
其实地理第三册 第一章 有东西背吗?
 I'm reading dili book 3 le TT I think I frgt wht I memorized in book 1 walao TAT baobao jiayouuuu x)
 if u fail tomolo derr subjects I da ur piguu x)
 walaooooo -0- Bish. U. Go. Study. Now. O.O
 dun jelly that I'm fairer than u -v- Ahahahahahah xD
 yeaa now sin knw x) my tears are falling onto my book le TvT
":  u too bairen :3" BAIREN LOLOLOL btr than小丸子though xD
I feel so bad for not being able to say anything during ziyouluntan today :(
 wahh yuanlai cnt see dao me thn u will be sad daa aww gamdong TvT xDD
 嗯嗯读着了 :b hehe jiayou yo heiren xDD
Daishu buyao carelessss!!!!! TAT
 I wanna hide in a hole ._. U dig one for me xD
 嗯嗯乖乖哟 :D xD
 Thanks for your chem notes yohh :&gt; really helped me a lot wootsss :33 thankyou thankyou thankyou
 yesss -.-
恨死哪一条水把化学和华语考试排在同一天考 -.-
 awwww xiexie heiren &gt;w&lt; I shyshy le eihh xD
 okkkk我不骗你了黑人 :bb 不哭不哭哟 xD
RT : 当你看到这个tweet的时候 
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.你应该知道自己有多堕落了 还不去读书 ？ AAHAHAHHAHA
 :&lt; suanliaolohh :pp act scary fail hahahah xD
 yayy guaii xD hahaha :b
 yerr我还是感觉不到叻 看来你动错人了 &lt;.&lt;
RT : 排了考场 大家忙着算自己坐那里 发现与好朋友是邻居 开心到像中马票一样 击了掌还不够 还要到处去跟人家讲 这简单就是幸福
RT : 在中华 你记忆力差 你就输了
这种感觉 =.= ishhhhhhh -.-
尼妈 睡午觉差不多要成功睡着的时候电话响 吵醒我 NIAMAHAI -,-
 hahahahahh tmr onwards I call u heiren u must answer me ahh xDD
 ur not scary but I'm scary AvA *RAWR* :&gt; hahahah
 paiseh刚刚睡着了 没有感觉到你动我leh -3-
 黑人 o.o xP
 wahh so pro de u o.o scare dao me ehh xD
 no pls -3-
 我看不到你 /.\
Nap for 30mins ._.
 -.- no time ahhhhh
 hahah so nxt time I call u heimawangzi laa hahahahah xD
