 做飲食業都gel甲，阿姐咁戰鬥格……
首首都洗腦…… RT : 武當好漢子 每天要畫符
道教男子 勁過黃大仙!
RT : Paul Ince's Blackpool record (2013-14) #BFC 
 I'm not even sure if this is a good thing. But I do like seeing Barry Ferguson.
RT : Confirmation that Paul Ince has been sacked by Blackpool
Paul Ince被炒，Barry Ferguson做caretaker，希望在明天。#blackpool #UTMP
黑池又炒領隊，既然Paul Ince被炒，Tom Ince離隊不遠矣，英超球隊想執平貨就出手啦。
RT : 8 - No player of  scored more goals (8) or provided more assists (6) in the Bundesliga in 2013 than Julian Draxler. Key.
沒有不可能只有打不死 RT : #Wawrinka through to the #ausopen semis 2-6 6-4 6-2 3-6 9-7 v #Djokovic 
熱烈地彈琴熱烈地唱 RT : Out! Novak Djokovic crashes out of the Australian Open after losing to Stanislas Wawrinka in the quarter-final
一齊講是非 RT : 大少解之謎“: 其實我唔明點解啲女人去廁所要一班人去。”
RT : Ajax, according to CIES, developed more of today's elite players (first-team) in Europe than any other club http://t.co/to8a…
祖高域輸就好笑咯
柯達仲入M4/3市場，仲要部機咁柒，學下富士有啲出息啦好無 
到底今季邊隊有資格晉身德超呢？
RT : It's Beckham in Peckham
 
RT : 【即時：網媒要有採訪權記招】  852郵報指，他們有向記協申請記者證，因此能進入政府採訪場合。他特別指出政府新聞網也有使用新媒體，另一方面卻拒絕新媒體採訪，是雙重標準。 
 屯門呢？！
RT : SKY SOURCES: Blackpool manager Paul Ince holding talks with Chairman Karl Oyston over his future. More on #SSN
RT : Nice win for us today! Great to be back! 3 Points and getting ready for wednesday! #ajapsv
Never doubt . #NeverDoubtFrank #ajapsv
 That's what we call teamwork. Love them!
I can do some crying right now, seeing our confident Sigthorsson back!
Sigthorsson入球！Sigthorsson scored! #ajax #ajapsv
今場既阿積士，前中後都好似食左屎咁，黎港甲踢都分分鐘會輸俾南華呀
As at the 18th minute, possession: Ajax 51% PSV 49% #ajax #ajapsv
  #wzjwzdb!!
Fischer and Schone there got some teamwork. :) #ajax #ajapsv
Players are coming out to the pitch. #ajax #ajapsv
Eredivisie is back tonight. HKT 23:30 Ajax vs. PSV. No  Siem de Jong, though. #Ajax #ajapsv  
RT : Today's front page:
The Queen and Prince Charles start to ‘job-share’  
 如果當拖鞋着，真係係Target買都夠做啦
 Siem de Hong will not be able to play against PSV. #Ajax #ajapsv
RT : Congratulations  ! #Wolfsburg 
RT : That's how hot it was. Thank you everybody for being so persistent and passionate about our sport. @ AustralianOpen http://…
RT : 轉FB，《那夜凌晨，我坐上了旺角開往大埔的紅VAN》(The Midnight After)獲選入圍第64屆柏林影展「電影大觀」(Panorama) 單元。導演陳果將帶領黃又南, Janice Man, 任達華, 惠英紅及徐天佑一同出席2月份於當地…
第一盤就tiebreak，又要睇到出年 
ik verdiende meer.
華美倫一代的阿積士是刻意着重防守的，也是朗奴高文離任後的改革，而這一代完結後的新一代又返回原點、只攻不守，所以布林特只能算是新一代，後防兼任進攻，這是你在華美倫、華湯根和Alderweireld身上不常見到的。
希汀加、加拉錫、馬杜路、巴布和艾曼奴臣都是這一代的，但他們並非主導着這一代的球員。雲達韋爾、Alderweireld、艾歷臣和S迪莊是這一代的最後期，而最後者現在已是阿積士的上一代。
這樣就十年了，2004年華美倫首次在阿積士一隊亮相。2004-05的阿積士是雲達華治和史尼達的舞台，然而這季也是華美倫、華湯根，蘇亞雷斯，亨特拿和史特基倫堡這一代的開始，而今天這群人都各散東西了。
荷蘭，我想住既地方！ RT : World Press Freedom, 
1 Finland
2 NL
3 (cont) 
RT : There is justice after all.  Marco Reus made the UEFA Team of the Year.  Much deserved of course.
Hoesen BB真係好大隻。 RT : Fijne dag Danny en Joël! 
 Bad thing is that he cannot play for Arsenal in UCL.
RT : 古有晉惠帝之何不食肉糜，今有梁特首之何不去按樓。
 之前有人發起過交少十蚊稅，睇下政府會點
RT : 梁振英到最後話冇加稅的想法，呵呵！為曾俊華設限了！呢舖睇曾俊華表演！點樣響唔加稅的前提下，增加財政收入，去compensate 番你每年200 億的恆常支出？！689 vs 品客佬，等2 月26 日Round 2！
 有無link？
 至於香港人就理L得你。
傻的嗎…… RT : [悶蛋施政報告笑料] 體育「普及化、精英化、城市化」，你覺唔䁷得自相矛盾呢？ #policyaddress #fb
咁新界呢？ RT : 香港人優先！九龍人返屋企啦！“: 吓？九龍都唔用得？ ”
Unacceptable. RT : Hockey said today he'd only give Aust people "the information they need".
RT : "由2014/15學年起，政府會在中小學為少數族裔學生提供「中國語文課程第二語言學習架構」，特別設計教材和評估工具。"  #policyaddress
Come on, come out, come here.
 I guess you'd be interested. RT : Can sex make you smarter? 
RT : Seedorf back to Milan sees him reunited with Nigel de Jong. Never played together but met at Ajax way back. Great pic htt…
CHANDRA CRAWFORD! RT : Breaking: Canada announces 11 member Olympic Cross Country Team. Notable names: Chandra Crawford
美斯係足球界既成就地位點同gretzky係冰曲界比？ 美斯點都未做到顛覆球壇囉 RT : Winners of 5 straight player of the year awards: 
Wayne Gretzky ('80-'87)
Is Messi next?
FIFPro team of the year呢啲，睇完笑下好喇
RT : Ibra: "When you bringing me to Dortmund?" ... Klopp replies: "I have to sell the whole team first"
 唔係已經落實左？佢都係第一個荷蘭人係意甲做教練
金球獎=美斯獎
RT : I'm in love with Emma Thompson 
 God I can't even
唉其實呢班小朋友真係好可愛 RT : Home sweet home! Now the focus will be on PSV!
 Damn this makes me hungry again
  可試下 時間我唔清楚，但大間既大學應該有summer/winter international course掛！
  如果postgrad的短期diploma課程應該會有英文……
 如果係我會揀德國，個氛圍好似更有助諗野/幫自己理清思緒，不過六星期其實真係好短
 k3都有左校？響名啦！
RT : Not to be missed: #HK Heritage #Museum’s "Long time no see, Victoria" retrospective exhibition  htt…
RT : What Chris Christie woke up to this morning. 
 咁點解會揀英國既
 呢啲course教既野好入門，自己去library日日借書睇仲好
RT : RT : 一段時間後，婦辭工，夫主動要求降職減人工。這是一個極悲涼的故事，可是誰有資格責備他們的選擇？一邊廂是公帑為低收入人士的豪奢需求埋單，另一邊廂一對上進的小夫婦卻連生存最起碼的住屋需求都無法解決。#hk #property…
澳洲人緊係支持hewitt同tomic！ RT : Almost 33, bracing for his 18th #ausopen, Lleyton #Hewitt is on a roll! 
4.3吋an機有咩選擇？唔一定要新款……
友誼賽姐，以前阿積士自己主場請人地黎玩阿積士四角賽都係咁輸啦，志在試陣練兵既姐。不過唔該FdB快D睇清楚應該用咩人，唔好再成日為條情意結揀人啦，今季頭兩個月如果唔係佢對華美亞條情意結，而家晨早拋離左維迪斯啦，仲洗驚piazon咩
Toby is not one of the starting XI for Atletico Madrid. #ajax
 I mean well FdB has a history of blindly preferring Vermeer even when he performed SH*T
 Now I fear more that FdB may prefer Vermeer to Cillessen considering #22's performance in these two games...
van der hoorn D高空進攻真係L勁，而佢係一個後衛黎架喎唔好唔記得！不過佢踢烏德勒支時入果球烏龍球，始終印象太深刻
 I can foresee seeing him more often in the second half of the season...
Having gone through these two horrible games, I think nothing can beat Ajax more when they are back in Eredivisie... #ajax
睇波先
而當然，謎思就係Courtois明明係荷語區人但法文名（所以都係唔用譯名好啲），明明講住法文但又最受荷語區人支持，咁佢應該歸邊類？
RT : All together now!
You're nothing special, we lose every week
而摩佬幾時會肯放高圖斯一條生路 RT : Congrats to  GK Petr Cech for recording his club-best 209th clean sheet earlier today. Amazing feat.
起碼插水打球僮撩交打呢啲野都係法語區球員比較多……
比利時黎講，我始終都覺得來自荷語區既球員係比法語區有專業操守啲同平實內儉啲，淨係甘賓尼+Alderweireld同費蘭尼+eden hazard已經超大對比
If waiting for a bit can bring u a valuable player, y not? If u hesitate about whether he's worth the wait, y choose him in the first place?
If a player is worth the transfer fee, YOU JUST WAIT.
 Now even Ola John seems impossible. Overmars just can't bear spending over 5m on a player.
Vermeer's problem is that he lacks the sense and awareness. Tell me why should we keep Vermeer? He's no longer novice for Christ's sake.
Cillessen needs to improve his skills but he's still young and has enough time for that. He undoubtedly has the potential.
 Vermeer simply is a joke. Sigthorsson has been like this since Iceland lost to Croatia last year...
I think now it's safe to say that the club should completely have Vermeer replaced by Cillessen, or even vdH. Sigh. #Ajax #galaja
事實勝於雄辯，華美亞做龍門真係笑話
阿積士主場對米蘭時我已講過，FdB係應該用高空攻勢對住啲體力+防守型既球隊，但FdB有條巴塞情意結死都要出保贊。之後失分識驚加上保贊傷左，轉用舒奧尼同隊長打前，又用多左雲達漢，成隊波即刻run順左幾多又贏波，頂你保贊，連後衛雲達漢同jairo都入得多過你呀！
MIKE VAN DER HOORN scored the equalizer! #ajax #galaja
Kompany, Vertonghen, Alderweireld, and Vermaelen -- unbeatable Belgian defense.
Faith! #ajax #galaja
保贊控個波都未控得掂，頭先難得費斯查唔獨想助攻俾保贊射，點知條友無反應，訓醒未呀？
頂你迪保亞同時出fischer同bojan，唔想贏波呀？:0)
其實cillessen反應同變數都好快，但技術不足……
咩事 空門 後衛去哂邊 cillessen派膠……
We've missed you,  ! Welcome back to the pitch! #Ajax
1. 隊長終於復出 2. 隊長原來高過史奈達咁多 3. 媽啊隊長同史奈達握手呀，兩代阿積士中場指揮 4. 史奈達只係走左幾年，但而家阿積士隊中佢應該只係識隊長一個
HKT 02:30 加拉塔沙雷 對 阿積士，史奈達、法蘭迪保亞重聚！
 其實普遍鬼佬食既野都好單調，亞洲人另計，鬼佬真係可以餐餐一樣都唔覺悶的
   竟然會食鳳爪，仲以為鬼佬唔會食！
咩新聞黎 RT : Woman attempts to sue lawyers for not explaining her divorce would end her marriage
格羅寧根上季全季入左34球，今季踢左一半，入左36球，算係咁啦！
RT : STOP WORRYING AND TAKE A FUCKING RISK.
 咩國家人？
RT : Mesmerizing panoramic wall photos examine the world's most volatile borders  
RT : Using photos blatantly stolen from Facebook, I made a five decade side-by-side comparison of HK from The Peak http://t.co…
 又方便又仆街XDDD
 She looks better in this angle. More beautiful and energetic. She seemed exhausted on the stage then, perhaps from the shooting.
 又話會凍，我而家着件冷衫出去都覺得熱
點解硬係覺得今日做漏左啲野……
 個個星期都行，其實做香港人真係好攰。
 Paid.
RT : As an #AVFC fan, I've always admired what Thomas Hitzlsperger did on the pitch - but I admire him even more today. A bra…
When they put visiting team's score before home team's, we put home team's score before away team's - because, well, THIS MAKES MORE SENSE.
When they say "roster," we say "line-up."
 呢幾年曼聯積落好多glory hunter/突然球迷，成日對住其他隊就撩交嗌，而家真係心都涼哂，莫講話唔洗再睇4424
 好似睇緊以前列斯聯衰落咁
 香港啲博物館管理/行政真係令人眼火爆。
RT : #Russia implements security lock-down in #Sochi, one month before start of Winter 
#Olympics. I Read story here: http://t.co/a…
Jeff carter之前係philadelphia flyers打到曉飛都無入選，幫la kings拎左stanley cup之後就即刻入選，其實佢之前既表現仲值得啦
Jeff Carter奇蹟入選呢樣野我真係仲接受緊，kings fans真係飲得杯落
隊長黎講，一係crosby一係perry一係rick nash啦，carey price同jonathan toews做A，luongo跌watt分分鐘start-up都無埋
 美國仔都可以傾到啲！不過多數講講下講左去NFL
可能奧運冠軍對冰曲界黎講真係唔係最高榮耀，但有咩熱血得過加拿大人終於係返自己地頭贏返自己national sport既冠軍 
RT : A friendly reminder.  #TeamCanada #WeAreWinter 
仲記得果時係逢星期四晚有男子聯賽，最勁果隊叫CoorsLight之類咁既名，有港人都有鬼佬，不過無人打交囉
係香港無人同我傾冰曲又睇唔到live是常識吧。中七果年有日無聊睇左人生第一場NHL，仲記得係Flyers黎，對咩已經唔記得。點解會有時間睇？中七喎，請假多過返學。睇睇下覺得又幾好睇喎，而其實係a level面前真係睇咩都好睇架啦，果時為左唔想溫書，仲會特登走去megabox睇比賽
 Bouwmeester?
Luongo, Keith, Doughty, Weber, Crosby, Bergeron, Getzlaf, Nash, Perry, and Toews on both the 2010 roster and now 2014 roster. #TeamCanada
There are so many hashtags about Canada's team, and I wonder which ones are the official. Help me out there would you, ?
RT :  &lt;- Your #TeamCanada for #Sochi2014.#WeAreWinter 
RT : Congrats to all who will be representing Canada on the men's hockey team in #Sochi2014! #goldmedalteam #TeamCanada
Jonathan Toews woohoo
And Patrick Sharp!
AND OF COURSE COREY PERRY
And SIDNEY CROSBYYYYYYY
Patrice Bergeron!!! Jeff Carter!
Carey Price and Mike Smith!
 are announcing the roster for the men's ice hockey team. Watch live on  #GoTeamCanada #Sochi2014
 New York is that cold?
RT : 25 - Fulham had more shots on target over the festive period (Dec 21-Jan 1) than any other Premier League team. Unexpected.
阿仙奴名宿伊恩胡禮（IanWright）認為熱 刺球迷實在太過份，決定「拔刀相助」為 這位後輩出一口氣，在社交網站twitter留 言向熱剌球迷反擊：「有些熱剌球迷竟然 為禾確特受傷而高興！你們花了1.05億鎊 收購球員，現在只有阿仙奴球員受傷的消 息能夠讓你們高興，真可悲。」
其實我唔明點解香港體育新聞個個星期都會報下golf，但就極少聽游水、排球（關中國隊事先會報）、手球、冰曲、其他冬季運動（就黎冬季奧運都唔報？）等等，聽左咁多年都係足籃網單車羽毛球乒乓球同golf……
Exactly one month away to Sochi 2014. Canada men's ice hockey team will soon release their roster. Check out 
RT : Happy Birthday Eden ! cc  
RT : 3pm, 明報員工在明報大樓外講講聯署聲明的進展及心聲
 And the banter between the two!
 有咁既底都會請佢黎踢波既……
 以前覺得echofon好易用又load得快~~
常茫然法四邁向巴塞隆那，回頭時發現沒有同伴施華
 15 Things You Have to Forget to Get Ahead 
新版tweedle仲好用過echofon！
RT : 未來的特首選舉只會是由提名委員會篩選的假普選，唯一可以攻破鳥籠民主的辦法，就是集結群眾力量，堅持全民提名或公民提名是必不可少的條件，否則寧願玉石俱焚，用泛民在談判中唯一可恃的立法會否決力量，迫使當權者讓步。
RT : Taylor Hall is a longshot for Oympic team but with Stevie Y in attendance the winger has a goal to go with earlier assist…
 Saw this the other day. Do you know the role she's playing? 
Luke Shaw要留係修咸頓呀唔該
KDB堂堂一個比利時正選，係車路士出都無得出。馬達做左咁耐功臣，而家出奧斯卡都唔出佢仲話可以賣走。哥連圖斯係馬體會踢到曉飛，想申請轉會點知俾人一句得埋黎話轉會就雪你。其實我唔理摩連奴係咪回塘，但真係唔好再毀人前途啦好嗎？
RT : On this day in 2000, Charles Schulz published the last daily Peanuts strip. #PeanutsForever 
點解有電話/電腦up相唔直接搵人求救？ RT : This woman took a selfie and put in on Facebook. It probably saved her life 
維迪斯真係荷甲既車路士，一樣咁金錢足球、一樣咁黑。
香港又揚威國際 RT : Hong Kong squirms in the shadow of China 
RT : Watch Matty Phillips best bits from QPR-Donc video at "
Give it a watch and you will see how much w…
RT : Marco Reus dismisses speculation linking him with : "I have got a valid contract at Dortmund and I am happy to be here.”
RT : 83 - With 83%, Jasper Cillessen has the highest saving percentage of all goalkeepers in the Eredivisie (250+ minutes played)…
RT : Olympic TeamNL #Sochi2014 overgedragen #GoTeamNL 
頂，點解咁耐都未收到？寄失哂？
   This incident should have gained more global awareness by now...
好上唔上，上條賊船，跟星座買人啦你。 RT : BREAKING - Cardiff City confirm Ole Gunnar Solksjaer as their new manager 
 You seem to know a lot about Catalonia!
 另一個角度諗，新一年將舊年唔完美既野換哂佢，有個新開始
  係香港，讀大學是原罪，尤其非三大！
 有料到但未到英超級數，主要都係把握力差，英冠前鋒通病，其次走位麻麻，無人餵波既話就真係等運到
  Is it even real? The ranking is unbelievable.
 可能係反曼
Sad but true. RT : Wow Blackpool. Relegation form.Something needs to be done ASAP
RT : Podolski has just made his biggest contribution to the game by being subbed off.
RT : Only 37 days until the Winter Olympic Games - get behind  to make our sleds go faster 
黑池最出名就係賣人賣到自己要護級 RT : Crystal Palace &amp; Swansea have made approaches to Blackpool for winger Tom Ince. #cpfc #swans #bfc
  @TheSexPosition 野黃叔咁認真……
唔好吝嗇你既一票 RT : 大家投左未? 
歇冬無波睇真係好悶！！
:)  
 又幾正
 相比之下kuba個名都好短
 The waiting has been taking too long
Catalonia and Kosovo are the two teams that I want to see the most at international games.
I don't like the Spain national team, but I can't deny that I enjoyed watching Catalonia vs Cape Verde last night. Young people.
#Ajax have attempted 20.000 passes (17.269 completed) in 2013, at least 2417 more than any other club in the Eredivisie. Rounded.
