Dubbed version of Bridget Jones's Diary on CCTV 6 now misses all puns and sexual humour ("Tits-herbert") and its Chinese title is BJ单身日记!
RT : The Sinica Podcast is back! @Axliu and  join me in a close-read of the Spring Festival Gala. http://t.co/woRs7D…
Zadie Smith calls for end to women's 'waking nightmare' at Yarl's Wood  via 
RT : Enthused to have picked up Tsinghua wiz Bao Yumiao as editorial intern. Still looking 4 graphic design intern, c here htt…
RT : Yang Ke "searches for the capitalized People..but all he finds are humans" inside the new  http://t.co/BM…
If you know what's good for you, support us. Buy Pathlight Issue 7 on Kindle,
, and iPad here: 
RT : Issue #7, the "Lost and Found" issue, is out! Grab it for Kindle here:  and iPad here: http://t.co/…
  Doesn't inspire confidence in Amazon, I have to say. Or in general faith for the written word.
  Is  A.P. Notche an anagram for Google Translate? This is very foreboding.
Bruce Humes' translation at the top of this "China" list from . Last Quarter of the Moon, by Chi Zijian. 
 Thanks Graham! Original is here: .
I responded to 's World Lite editorial here (on Chinese writers).  Also in print Issue 18: Good News
RT : In the future, when I think "there's no way I can get thru the amount of stuff I have to do today," I will remember today …
Been reading a lot of Tao Lin lately, don't know if it has made me actively more nervous or more neurotic.
 恭喜，安替！
Not sure about the tone; but good case for translators as rewriters: Murakami in English... totally different writer 
"The role of a pet is to be relentlessly anthropomorphized." 
RT :        will be greatly obliged for all RTs :-)
RT : PR News Reviewing translations: Jonathan stalling, Chinese Literature Today: Reviewing translations: Jonathan ... http:/…
RT : 'Reviewing translations':   picks up 's comments re.  review http://t…
We did do an issue entirely on Chinese SF. Thanks for noting ! "The Year in Chinese SF"  via 
RT : "Vertical Motion" by Can Xue, tr Karen Gernant &amp; Chen Zeping, in  
RT : No *you're* Voldemort! Japanese ambassador responds to Chinese ambassador #Potterdiplomacy  
 is looking for office space in Beijing, maybe a room shared in a courtyard, maybe a small apartment. If you know, do tell!
RT : You made me update my blog.  MT : #Sex and #life in one #character: On 性  http://t.co/tsNk…
 Thanks Clarissa
RT : 5 experts (incl. Asymptote contributor &amp;  ed.  ) offer their picks on books about, and from, China ht…
Looking for your favourite ethnic minority writers, in Mandarin or their original languages. Pathlight Winter  
RT : Guardian front page #27Nov : Claim of police lies reignites Plebgate row  
 Oh hey, thanks. Looking forwards to seeing in print.
"The overweening absurdity of Karl Ove’s title is a bad joke ... as you try to construct a life worthy of an adult" 
RT : 11-25-2013 13:00; PM2.5; 13.0; 53; Moderate (at 24-hour exposure at this level)
RT : The most popular sentences and adjectives in The Hunger Games, Twilight, and Harry Potter:  http://t.co/es…
"I don’t imagine that there’s an inch of the English landscape that hasn’t been dealt with in some way or another." 
RT : Orwell’s "Burmese Days" wins Burmese literary award (late in day, but, hey ...) 
RT : Daniel Hahn will lead the first of our 2013/14 Translation Masterclasses this Saturday. Details of the series here: http:/…
《少年维特的烦恼》was a really popular book when my dad was growing up. I never knew that, in my teenage years, he was suggesting that I read Goethe.
RT : Cor blimey, it's Monday.
RT : 11-03-2013 10:00; PM2.5; 11.0; 46; Good (at 24-hour exposure at this level)
RT : Calling on news organizations to support #Sinocism before it goes under. Admit it: you rely on it and should pay. .htt…
I'm not surprised that Han Han doesn't admire Lu Xun, but Wang Shuo, calling him a rare Chinese writer of decent works.
Answered correctly to two questions in a row from University Challenge. Feel like a genius.  (There was a question on Mo Yan)
"Oh my God, help us! ... Your desire for immediate gratification is completely trashed" Jamey Gambrell on translation 
Look out for special Pathlights in Istanbul  China is Guest of Honour at the Int'l Istanbul Book Fair, 2013 
RT : Tomorrow is the launch of the second annual China Story yearbook. Last year's book is here 
RT : LIsten to engaging talk about #ChineseLiterature in #translation w Linda Jaivin &amp;  
http://t.co/V83ITbXtJ…
RT : The Return of the Novella!  #theartofthenovella 
RT : 10-29-2013 17:00; PM2.5; 17.0; 61; Moderate (at 24-hour exposure at this level)
RT :  Latest version of  is abt #chineseliterature and features  Managing ed …
RT : Mr.  finishes off the exoticizing nonsense that is the 'Japanse stopped having sex' story http://t.co/ldJUPZMz…
RT : Today is the 10th anniversary of . Our first post  
RT : 10-23-2013 09:00; PM2.5; 27.0; 82; Moderate (at 24-hour exposure at this level)
RT : Loneliness is an inevitable result of Britain's economic model. My col today 
RT : Accidental Chinese Hipster of the Month – Mr. Pretty in Pink: 
Sweet Don Bachardy. "Letters of Hemingway and Isherwood, with Simon Garfield – books podcast  via "
RT : 10-19-2013 09:00; PM2.5; 30.0; 89; Moderate (at 24-hour exposure at this level)
Why must you, ! Eleanor Catton: 'Male writers get asked what they think, women what they feel' 
No Chinese this time? RT  Translation masterclasses return @lrbbookshop 
RT : Launching Granta 125: After the War with Lindsey Hilsum and Frances Harrison, Thurs 17 Oct, 7pm  http://t.co/r…
 But only because I feel like I should defend Boris Johnson and not Chinese people. What's wrong with me? 
 I believe that would be a little tasteless, yes, Richard. 
RT @anguswalkeritv: Just lent Boris some cash to buy a couple of doughnuts
So does this mean Osborne gets to meet high officials whereas Cameron can't? Confused. Nice air today, though. 
Nice RT  Boris Johnson strolling down Nanluoguxiang: "Well this is yuppified isn't it?"
RT : Beijing day 2 - Q&amp;A with students at Peking University alongside the Chancellor George Osborne 
RT : 10-14-2013 12:00; PM2.5; 13.0; 53; Moderate (at 24-hour exposure at this level)
RT : GIVE A RING NOT IMPORTANT
RT : Recent LRB podcasts by Jeremy Harding, Michael Wood, Lavinia Greenlaw, Marina Warner and Andrew O'Hagan 
WeChat finally posts news of Munro win: "加拿大女作家获诺贝尔文学奖" News item stresses that she birthed FOUR, FOUR daughters, the most important thing
  I drink some kind of poop-coffee, but not sure if it's "civet"... But Bolivian bingo dust, that's another matter!
  I've been on a different planet...
"Because a woman's job, on and off screen, on and off the page, is still to be likable."   via 
RT :   My guess is journos following online usage. Instant wealth, flashy, spending to impress. Gatsby as 土豪. anti-屌丝…
 Ew. 
RT : Love the completely unnecessary 礼仪小姐 (ritual girls) on court with Nadal and Djokovic for coin toss at China Open final. #on…
Miss this? Pathlight, Summer, for your iTunes (with translations and translator's notes by the Pathlight team) 
Miss this? Pathlight, Summer, on your Kindle (with translations and translator's notes by the Pathlight team)  
RT : Pankaj Mishra's big and rich read on Japan for  
Great sign when a translator requests more time so she can edit her work. Translation isn't unskilled labour but a craft, just like writing.
"I found myself wondering about some of the same problems on this side of the Pacific"  1st day in Washington 
RT : 10-01-2013 16:00; PM2.5; 12.0; 50; Good (at 24-hour exposure at this level)
Urgent: Does anyone have a copy of Penguin Parallel Text: Short Stories from Chinese? I need a photocopy of the rights page . . . Cheers.
 Weren't Wu-Tang Clan a hip hop group from when we were twelve? Nowadays I only listen to Kanye. Oh, and Miley Cyrus.
RT : Heavy smog continues to cloak Beijing and is likely to stay for National Day holiday | 
 Oh ha, no, this is from an email I wrote to Eric. Does that count?
"Nothing very loud hip hop music won't solve. For now."
Sometimes, when nothing is working out (*and* it's International Translation Day) there's only one solution: Kanye.
RT : Happy International Translation Day!        
 The Wu Ming-yi, right? I thought it was science fiction. Anyway, will read the review. Translated by Darryl Sterk!
 I'll ask  when it will be done. Also, Pan's the man.    
RT :     where is this Lu Xun Vampire Hunter story and does it need translatin?
Will Self on Question Time. Bring it on!
 That was part of the Get It Louder festival right? The story was AWESOME.  
 I see wuxia expressed in Chinese TV culture. You followed saga of who plays 小龙女 in recent adaptation? A: Michelle Chen 
RT : Suspecting you've been overcharged, so making sure to frown as you insert your debit card and pay in full
"not literarily improving except that completely indiscriminate &amp; insatiable reading might eventually turn out to be" 
 Which now means that none of his major works will be available for legit publishing houses to tackle. Ever. 
 Yes, that's the major problem. Zhang Wei is just the latest writer to sign over copyright to foreign scammers. 
 Right, though I certainly wouldn't say Fortress Besieged was "unreadable," mainly because . . . I read it. 
 I'm less of a purist -- I think as long as it's a good book, we can live with it until it gets re-translated. 
 The Story of the Stone, Fortress Besieged, a Wang Shuo (but probably still untranslated). Border Town. 
'Unfortunately, none happen to be Chinese, or women' RT  'I'm not interested in teaching books by women' 
Is this the 5th day in a row we've had clear blue skies in Beijing? Got to be unprecedented. Maybe the government's clean sky act is working
RT : How Did "Brooklyn" Come to Signify So Much More Than a Borough? 
RT : Good story on one of my favourite buildings in Beijing - the supposedly haunted house on Chaonei 
RT : "For our generation it is worth it. I do not think I could ever go back to the ordinary train." Wuhan 2010 http://t.co/AY…
Not one from Chinese -- 's 50 Works of Fiction in Translation That Every English Speaker Should Read!!! 
RT : Is there an award for Best Series where Holly Hunter can sit on her hair?? If so Top of the Laaaake!!
RT : Top of the Lake! ...oh
RT : Issue 6 ebook is up! Read it on your Kindle or iPad. Kindle:    iTunes:  @axl…
RT : China just detained a teen for having 500 retweets  via 
RT : excellent, must read comment from  on the sinica podcast site about the latest pordcast on weibo and Big Vs http://t.co/Z…
RT : What is  doing to tackle #FreshersWeekSexism ? 
On the Booker shortlist: "a superficial multicultural aspect concealed a specifically North American taste." Yeah. 
RT : 'Barrenland' by A Yi from Granta 124, with an introduction from Eric Abrahamsen 
I respect copyright. Last night's Literary Death Match photo(s) was taken by Canaan Morse, poetry editor &amp;  tweetperson
 I'm psyched to see the opening of Catcher back translated here from Russian. Such a fantastic idea for experimentation.
 Because it's a glorious l book despite what  says. One of the first Chinese books I bought here was a translation of CITR.
High on meeting the lovely Leslie-Ann Murray who won  last night. Thanks  and  
"I find I like the way translated texts can sometimes acquire awkwardness in the process" -- Katie Kitamura 
Oh God... Everyone headlines! RT  Literary death match tonight at the Bookworm:  … - headlined by  !
Will schlep at least twenty copies of Pathlight SPEED to the  tonight as I settle into the judging chair for 
Judging tmrw  Bookworm, 7:35. Working with clothes on for once. Come! w/ new issues of  
 Probably because they're using Zadie Smith, David Mitchell, and Ma Jian instead. 
"my German is good enough to buy a railway ticket, but probably not to the right destination." Doesn't this undermine le project? #Multiples
Awful RT  'Multiples' is a chance for literary types to club together to celebrate their own literariness" 
RT : 09-10-2013 11:00; PM2.5; 9.0; 38; Good (at 24-hour exposure at this level)
RT : Intv with  nominee @tash_aw. '13 shortlist announced today at 10.30am GMT - hope to see his name on it http:…
RT : Mishearing somebody's name on the second time of asking, meaning you must now avoid them forever
Long essay in Caravan about Chinese lit, &amp; so-called "internationalism:" "new anxious awarenesses of the ‘other’ " 
“汪峰毁了我们一代人啊” 
 Sadly, before I could hide the underpants my cleaner arrived. However, we removed the stain on the sofa.
RT : SNEAK PREVIEW: Pathlight's latest cover for the 'Speed' issue - def worth rushing out for...  @Pathli…
We're doing this peculiar thing where we're cleaning the house so the cleaner can come over.
RT :   would be the literary entity I'd choose to represent at the upcoming  if  weren't…
RT : “A novelist is someone who confuses his own life with that of his characters.” —Alain Robbe-Grillet 
Tolerated this till Geek Girl &amp; link to female geek came up. Doesn't geek denote both sexes? Good topic bad writer! 
The Sept issue of Words Without Borders features a new Ye Yonglie essay on book piracy (translated by me)  
RT : Anyone for Tennis? The love affair between tennis and literature from Updike to David Foster Wallace  http://t.c…
RT : Zombie borrowers haunt China's shadow banks , graphics: 
RT : Bo Xilai denies charges that he took bribes from businessman Tang Xiaolin and said he gave a false confession during investigat…
RT : Bo Xilai's trial began with a surprise: an almost unprecedented flood of real-time information about the proceedings. ht…
RT : Thanks to  for doing this Q&amp;A with me for the LARB blog.   shoutouts ahoy. 
RT : Jinan court issues picture of Bo in the courtroom 
RT : BBC: David Cameron ordered Cabinet Secretary Jeremy Heywood to talk to Guardian  re #NSA reporting 
This is 50% of English boys I know (watch Mila Kunis interview, too!) &gt;&gt; Why my Jennifer Aniston interview went viral 
Mosquitoes!
I have opened the window. RT  08-19-2013 15:00; PM2.5; 8.0; 33; Good (at 24-hour exposure at this level)
 Stop favouriting tweets and go to sleep.
RT : 08-18-2013 12:00 to 08-19-2013 11:59; PM2.5 24hr avg; 22.3; 72; Moderate
 Do you think  is hiding in the pint glass? (thanks  for the balloons!!)  
RT : Job available: Sales Executive at Danwei 招聘: 销售主管 招聘-销售主管/
 &amp; we all know just HOW MUCH I love Mo?! I read his "best story" 透明的红萝卜 and no, no desire to translate or rave about 
 Am not rating! Mo Yan doesn't get a voice, but Pamuk's voices makes me want to turn off. Irony = Nobel Laureates 
 I don't think Pamuk is better than Mo Yan, in fact, I think that may be Dave's point. Equal grounds, diff. platform 
 If you've heard Pamuk speak on video, you'd realise he is incomprehensible. As for Mo, I hope he'd get more credit 
 Excellent. Talk soon x
 We must get together to drink next time I'm back in London. In Bloomsbury... We can talk about writing and post-stuff
 You want a nice, cold brew this Sat. In other news, you want Mishra to concentrate less on politics, more on art 
 Also, to be precise in your quote: Pamuk thinks innovation in the POPULAR novel will come from China and India. 
 Pamuk doesn't have a patch on Chinese writers. Is that what you wanted Dave? Have I satisfied you?  
RT : In Asia, women only occupy 1.1% of CEO, CFO and other top management positions, study finds. 
Book II translated by Joel Martinsen ! RT  Wildly successful Chinese space opera trilogy coming to US 
Look! Ma Jian is sandwiched between Haruki Murakami and Orhan Pamuk. Nooooo! An otherwise unimpressive article 
RT : Excellent MT   How to end the controversy over visits to Tokyo's Yasukuni Shrine? Walk down the street. http://…
RT : 1276年河南一女子在家中被人轮奸后，疯了。此事激起民愤。当地衙门被围观群众堵得水泄不通。忽必烈当时就惊呆了，必须严办！但查法律条款，居然没有轮奸罪这一说。怎么办？修订刑法！在《刑部-诸奸》加了一条“诸三男强奸一妇者，皆处死，妇人不坐”。条款一出…
RT : Steinbeck on literary criticism: ‘a kind of ill-tempered party game in which nobody gets kissed’.  #archives
RT : Chan Koonchung and  on China's prescient first sci-fi novel, Lao She's "Cat Country" (1932): http://t.co/jbsK…
PUB WEATHER PUB WEATHER. It's already 4:30 p.m.  08-08-2013 16:00; PM2.5; 34.0; 97; Moderate (at 24-hour exposure at this level)
New Murakami essay in Granta, A Walk to Kobe  (found via )
RT : On the latest Sinica Podcast,  &amp; I speak w Phonemica founders Kellen Parker () &amp; Steve Hanson: http://t.co/Pz…
RT : Forty-One False Starts by Janet Malcolm – review 
RT : 07-28-2013 14:00; PM2.5; 28.0; 84; Moderate (at 24-hour exposure at this level)
Eric Abrahamsen of  got his translation of Xu Zechen's "A Brief History of Time" in n+1 today! Congrats 
"I've never seen so many square white people." Man, wish I was there. No really. Latitude festival 2013  via 
RT : It is not generally known that brilliant editors can make successes of manuscripts too unwieldy, too amateurish to be …
RT : This is awful, by which I mean brave and beautiful and so sad - Questlove on Trayvon Martin (via ) http://t.c…
RT : 10 Literary Authors You Didn’t Know Wrote Science Fiction 
RT : You want to read Alice Walker on Trayvon Martin (because who wouldn't?) 
RT : Belonging to two cultures at once: Familiar Strangers: A History of Muslims in Northwest China - 
RT : Paul French  wins the CWA Non-fiction dagger:  Congratulations!
RT : I had to take the train in to work and it was hot and slow and obnoxious but I had a book so fuck you, Monday, I win.
RT : This will be literally your only chance ever to see me saying mostly nice things about contemporary Chinese literature.
RT : A reminder to Beijing peeps: New issue of Pathlight launches tomorrow evening at the Bookworm. I'll be there with the @PaperRep…
Pathlight event tomorrow night at the Bookworm. Last orders! 
RT : America is a lot more like Russia or China than Western Europe.
RT :   37% of responses were taken from Giant's 仙侠世界 (屌丝Online) which puts data in different light. See 中国…
RT :  Definite similarities. But each era has to discover its own ennui and rebellion, I suppose.
Yeah! After a 17 hour Twitter day for the rest of us. RT     Joel wins, you guys. A-GAIN.
RT :     陈晓明 was describing 曹寇 (无聊现实主义与曹寇的小说). See 《操》. I'd apply it to 孙智正《青少年》《句群》,乌青《有一天》《逃跑家》…
RT :     From '05 陈晓明 had 新无聊现实主义: 它所展现的现实，那是一种没有历史感的现实，一种粗陋化的生活事相，一种物质碎片却涌动出生命欲望，一种不再能完整化的现实——多么…
 In some form or other; we just have to find it (&amp; translate + pub). Whetted my appetite for fresher reading, greener pastures!
 I was, too! Though I still don't think it's as simple as old vs new. I'm also confident it already exists in Chinese fiction.
 My prob: reappropriation by the media. Any male can be diaosi, it's uninspiring. Same idea different name pls  
RT : Everyone should begin their 
appearances by addressing Jeremy Paxman by his full name #MQM #pakistan
Mmm. . . RT   Tea Special- Master Xu's Rock Oolong 2012 tea, with mini pancakes, maple syrup, apricot compote &amp; natural yogurt.
 I'd like a concrete literary figure for him, please. It IS a him, right?  
  Personally, I think it's terrible. It's like "wanker" now, used on girls. Or "jack-off," for that matter. Now, off for dins!
  Isn't it a term used to describe men, whereas geek is gender mutual? I don't think it will catch on.
  Having said that, you're both guys, no? What about what the penis in diao evokes for women?
