I added a video to a  playlist  小肥&amp;吳雨霏-逼得寵物太緊
I added a video to a  playlist  寵物-小肥
I added a video to a  playlist  陳慧敏 x 小肥《自拍》Official Music Video
I added a video to a  playlist  小肥 紅葉(原裝MV)
I added a video to a  playlist  小肥 六月十三 (原裝MV)
I added a video to a  playlist  小肥 - 十二年沒有冬天 (原裝MV)
I added a video to a  playlist  小肥 寵物的畢業禮 (原裝MV)
I added a video to a  playlist  小肥 - 时光机
I added a video to a  playlist  小肥 - 時光機
I added a video to a  playlist  小肥 - 《負親》 (Official Music Video)
I added a video to a  playlist  小肥 - 《高登歌》Official Music Video
I added a video to a  playlist  小肥徐智勇 (小歌星) 《一首歌》Official MV [HD 1080p]
I liked a  video  Gem 鄧紫棋 - 存在 @ 我是歌手2 Live [High Digital]
I liked a  video  HANS KLOK - postcodeloterij wat schat je
I liked a  video from   神魔之塔 - 火狂魔暴力血輾『EXTRA 進擊的金牛』
金牛extra:  via 
I added a video to a  playlist  [JOY RICH] [新歌] 容祖兒 - 續集(電視劇On Call
I added a video to a  playlist  [JOY RICH] [新歌] 謝霆鋒 - 愛最大(Feat.
I liked a  video from   神魔之塔 - 人妖隊輕鬆過 天蠍宮 -『螫刺的毒蠍
I added a video to a  playlist  SWTOR War-Hero full vigilance spec dps guardian pvp
I added a video to a  playlist  SWTOR 1.7 Jedi Shadow Infiltration Pre-50&amp;50 PVP with war-hero
I added a video to a  playlist  SWTOR 1.4 PVP: Full War-hero Scoundrel Scrapper Dps
I added a video to a  playlist  AZN - PYRO STYLE (SWTOR 1.4 PVP)
I added a video to a  playlist  AZN - PYRO STYLE (SWTOR 1.4 PVP)
I added a video to a  playlist  SWTOR PVP: Huttball running by Jedi Guardian
神魔之塔 - 人妖隊輕鬆過 天蠍宮 -『螫刺的毒蠍 Extra』:  via 
 hey man long time no see! I stopped playing swtor ages ago lmao, you still playing?
RT : Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you can't change.

ye haha, now studying management
 
lol i wish, omg so fkn boring management seriously
 me chapter 1 - fail lollllll
 
studying like a nerd now :)
    when r u back j? look at the mods i prepared for mysecret toon,all bis mods AHHA 
   lmao  mvp is broken
     
check this out lol. 
   where have you been man? my van is fking people up atm loll
   
did u hear mosh got a new vpn, hving latency at 170ms now?
fkn BW pos, oh wait its disneyland now i think. well at least this gives me more incentives to study now than playing swtor lololl
   i cant fkn login swtor atm, you guys experience same thing?
   
best pt video i ever seen (y)
   i got banned for a week LOL see u on 5th again
 
HELP ME WITH THE THINGYYYY!
 
come back to swtor michelle! need ur pocket heals! :(
   @akasidorov @seis_mvp 
lollol, waiting for u to come back stig
    
play swtor for a while ! i been playing on my pt, need you guys back to play my guardian laa
 

check out my dps on guardian :D
