只要放開胸懷，即使不順利也能很順心。快樂是我要培養的美德。
RT : Dr S K Tan: From The DRx Clinic To IDS Clinic - What's The Story?  by 
RT : Yves Rocher Is Back, And More Ready For The Singapore Market  by 
With the glowing bride! #jesckeng #wedding 
 omg so cool!!!
 cute!!!
RT : Free Hugs!  
 what, they decided to instagram the scene instead of run for their lives?
Trying my best not to ruin anyone's party. It's not always about me.
 wow you guys won my alma mater!
Not sure if PMS or my life pretty much sucks.
RT : Oh My Gosh, More Cosmetics Options In Singapore?  by 
 what's the diff between the second and third one?
RT : Put This BB Cushion On Your Wishlist  by 
How To Choose Your Wedding Venue 
  Or maybe you're required to send in an audition video -.-"
 isn't Australia the pot, and you, the frog?
RT : 7 Ways To Protect Your Hair &amp; Skin Against Haze &amp; Air Pollution  by 
 coz you don't look very calculative? Hahahaaa
RT : 【即时】资深艺人高凌风今晚7点50分病逝于台湾新店慈济医院，享年63岁。

高凌风在去年11月被确诊患"急性骨髓性白血病"，先后进行3次化疗但成效不佳，签下拒绝治疗书。 
 this sounds like a headline New York Times may use hahaha
Today is my turn to cook for leslietwelve! Laksa pasta with chicken and button mushroom. Yay! 
tohkeith and I were at the launch event of IDS Clinic, helmed by Dr SK Tan, the original founder of… 
 Aww I actually missed this and just saw it!
 actually I was in the morning. I'm on an awesome half day hahaha
 As in they will never have it again? :(
 I hope u didn't pick your nose or change out of ur clothes in between
Thank you SK-II for the love this #Valentine's day! #macaroons #Vday #pitera 
Happiness is not a destination but a journey. Thank you for hopping on and into my life. Now buckle… 
New post: Review: Origins Plantscription Powerful Lifting Cream 
RT : While u r busy spending $$$ to show love to your bf/gf, don't forget your parents. They loved u from the very start.
 maybe tell them: I have scheduled a nap. Or something.
  yayy so sweet! Hugs and kisses :)
 oh man! So screwed up!
New post: Scientifically-Proven: These Makeup Tips Make You More Desirable This Valentine's Day 
Taking a break with my #minion! #MarryTohDay 
Off we go for our photoshoot! The weather looks promising :) #MarryTohDay 
New post: A Skincare Line By Madonna? 
RT : Today I ask you to join me in prayer for His Holiness Benedict XVI, a man of great courage and humility.
  I don't even say this to 
  whaaaaaaat
New post: 3 Easy Nail Looks For Valentine's Day 
Either that, or people are generally so sweet and nice, they want to give their enemies a "peace of mind" all the time.
Looks like a lot of people don't know the difference between "piece of mind" and "peace of mind". Argh.
New post: Get Your Valentine's Attention: Focus On Eyes &amp; Smile, Study Says 
RT : Saw a tuition centre named Beautyful Mind. Not sure if any parents should send their kids there for English tuition #fb
#Pooh, his clones and friend out for sunbathing on a Saturday afternoon. Having a great time! #notmine 
 hahaha I'm serious!
 well, Twitter (noun) is 推特, a tweet (noun) is 推文, so I suppose to tweet (verb) could be 發推文?
New #shoes! Plus pants for #floral day with the crazy girls in the office. 
New post: See How Kristen Freezes Her Face So Her Pores Shrink &amp; Skin Tightens 
RT : A boy plays football against a baby giant panda at London Zoo, 1939. 
 you'd better!!!
  kinda busy. Guess I'd tell u when we meet *ehem*
  Hmm... These days I only use one credit card for purchases coz it's more convenient... Hahaha
  Well... For today's purchase I'm actually using the sub card he gave me...
 oh man, ure such a sweetheart!
Told  that I bought a pair of shoes &amp; need two more. He said "Yea I think you need more shoes too." I think I've got a keeper!
New post: SK-II Facial Treatment Essence - For The Eye: A Quick Review 
The shortlisting of #shoes begins! And here are a few candidates. Which do you like? #MarryTohDay… 
New post: Hair Loss Explained In Layman Terms 
Which bridal nail design should I go for? 
RT : Another email asking me to "revert". Fine. *turns into carbon* #RespondNotRevert
RT : Fancl To Close 13 Stores In Singapore By End March; Re-Enter As Wholesaler In April
 
New post: Hair Accessories To Invest In For Spring 2014 
Please retweet: #Fancl will close all its retail stores by end of Mar :( 
New post: Fancl To Close 13 Stores In Singapore By End March 
&amp; did I just hear the guy tell the woman whom he hugs &amp; kisses how he "manages" his wife (infer: he's superior to her husband)? #awkward
Erm. Did I just overhear a woman bitching about her husband to a guy whom she hugs and kisses many times? #awkward
 why will coffee reduce boob size?
RT : It is important to have friends we can trust. But it is essential to trust the Lord, who never lets us down.
 and my 90-year-old gramps would say: when I was 80, I was busy playing with my great grandson! Young people nowadays... Tsk Tsk.
RT : SHIN MIN DAILY NEWS: 80-year-old man chased 66-year-old love rival with a knife over 49-year-old woman #oldpeopleproblems
 That's true! Maybe I should keep at this hahaha :D
 Hahaha! Or maybe I'm just too tired to make decisions anymore
Am I the most bochup bride ever? I just said: I don't care what flowers or what colour, as long as there're some kind of decor! #MarryTohDay
New post: Maybelline Launches Color Show Nail Lacquer Collection 
#CNY day 2 visiting my relatives with  and now on our way to see our favourite couple. I'm… 
New post: Review: Vichy Dercos Neogenic - Growing 1,700 Hairs In 90 Days, Is It Possible? 
#CNY day 1 #ootd. Loving my jeggings with heart prints from Dorothy Perkins. It's obviously a great… 
New post: Review: Chanel CC Cream Complete Correction SPF30/PA+++ 
New post: Tutorial: Cute Braid In Just 3 Minutes 
A successful marriage depends on two things: 1. Finding the right person 2. Being the right person. #love #MarryTohDay
": My country is too new to have great historical landmarks."
 I'm facing the same problem. lucky thing is we do hotdesking so I can move to warmer land whenever I want
 I must be quite thirsty then. I love my bling!
New post: Research: Why We're Naturally Drawn to Glossy, Shiny Makeup (And Other Glitzy Items) 
RT : If u tell the truth, it becomes a part of ur past, If u lie, it becomes a part of ur future
 so atas! I love rocket too btw hahaha
RT : Let us pray for Christian unity. There are so many beautiful things which unite us
 I'm soh convinced
 hahaha ok we will eat more on your behalf (u liar u have something on later that's why ure staying in)
 hahaha it's damn near la. Why are u still in office anw!
Lo ah lo ah! #cny #work 
 Hi Bestie! I wrote you an email and FB msg about a partnership opportunity with . Get back to me soon :)
Another dizzy dizzy morning.
New post: Review: Estee Lauder Micro Essence Skin Activating Treatment Lotion 
 thank u :) ur words cheered me up
 sounds like a plan! :D
 actually can be a show also la, then I'm entitled to sell tickets. Hahaha. It won't be cheap, I swear.
 you'd be surprised at how ppl are. Makes me wonder if I'm celebrating my wedding or putting up a crowd-pleasing performance
 haha exactly why I made that reference about casting stones ;)
 coz they "don't like this kind of things". I am just appalled and disappointed.
 as in holy mass that I want to celebrate as my wedding ceremony
 apparently there are people who will be offended by certain rites during holy mass.
To those of you who hate my religion, come, I give you a stone on that day so you can cast it at me on my wedding day.
New post: 2 Glamorous Makeup Looks For Chinese New Year Your Grandma Would Approve 
 I know, I know. You're my favourite mainstream friend. Hahaha
": Indie music Laneway Festival 2014 deemed a failure after massive crowd attended "  mainstream!
New post: What's Cute, Controls Oil &amp; Keeps Skin Hydrated? 
 yah! Very touched :)
Sweet PR is sweet! Customised blessings from #Brands on my engagement and marriage :) #goodpr #wedding… 
Lots of CNY love from #Brand's and #ElizabethArden (notice the red door on the angbao packets?). Last… 
 yeah, true. maybe even Singapore. You'll never know how people think
 hahaha... Surrrreee
 yeah I think so. I wonder if this trick would work in modern Malaysia/Singapore
 hipsters unite!
 what's weirder is that she accepted the proposal
New post: Vichy, La Roche-Posay and SkinCeuticals Under One Roof At Westgate 
     that's what I resolved to do already hahaha
     haha press delete. One journalist told me that's what he does to their emails
    Sigh. Rather than saying overbooked, it's just showing little respect for guests.
    actually my count is at least 8 bloggers and 3 journalists. Hahaha
 oh man. From feedback I've heard so far. They've ruffled many many feathers. And yes why still in business??
    ..I've clearly said yes via email. What event management skills. Zero. Zilch.
    it is. They once called and email me several times to ask if I were attending an event when..
 appt and the said stylist isn't in the salon. They asked me to go down early in the morn on a weekend somemore pls.
 oh they screw me over so many times. Eg plan a salon appt with a specific stylist for dye job, ended up nobody knew abt the...
 this isn't the 1st time theyve showed they know nothing abt PR. I'm appalled how they can invite, ask for rsvp, then turn down!
 ... Then they told me "attendance is full" and they can't accommodate me
 they sent an invite on wed, I replied on Thu. No reply from them till Fri when I sent a followup email...
 haha and my response is quick ;) #pun
Good advice, ! I shall do that from now too. I believe in giving chances but enough is enough 
  looks like a lot of ppl had bad experiences. They nv fail to outdo their last atrocity. Grr
 quick response
  Yalor, did u find out where they are9
  too much fail!
  they've also spammed me before, send me stuff I said I don't want and insist I write, and screw up appts :(
  yes, wine one
  yes!!
   ur 2014 mess up is it the same event that I was talking about?
  yes it is true. Buay paiseh one leh
  haha I've thought of spelling their name wrong as revenge, honestly ;)
  and they always spell my name wrongly too. 有這麼難嗎?
  jialats
  I've heard so much bad stuff and exp so much nonsense from them. I think it's enough. Tell u more next time. Tsk!
  this is very bad lor. they always cock up on something one la.
  Dafuq right seriously. We are not their booty call, pls!
 sent me an invite on wed, I rsvp on Thu, no reply. Followed up to see it's confirmed today. Then they told me it's full, sorry.
Okay Publicist PR failed big time again. I guess I will not entertain them anymore. #lastchance
Seriously, Jurong East is mini Orchard now.
 u mean there wasn't ah! Jialat. Even jurong has it I think!
RT : That awkward moment when Justin Bieber looks happier in his mug shot then in the picture you took with him. http://t.co/…
On bridesmaids dress fitting day, a selfie by my four besties and me trying on an evening gown in the… 
New post: Trend To Try: Glitzy Sequin Eyes Inspired By Chanel Spring 2014 Look 
I had so much fun filming with  today! We've got chemistry, girl! For another behind the… 
Look, who's at the bottom right of this tv screen. And look at that caption! #Singapore #funny 
THE legendary shiok maki. #Japanese #foodporn #food #shiokmaki 
 Hi there! I left a comment on your latest entry regarding a partnership. Please reply to me via email soon. Thank you!
New post: 6 Showering Sins You May Be Committing 
 sure why not! Sharing is &lt;3
 yay!
... I imagine ppl at the vanity counter at gym staring at me like, omg FIVE people have come and gone but u're still here w/ semi wet hair?!
I know I shouldn't complain but the thing about having long and voluminous hair like mine is that it takes forever to blowdry...
 if it's something you're craving for even after you wake up, it must be true love
RT : (GIVEAWAY) hamper from Violet Oon's Kitchen! Join here:  
"Thanks for your patience" can sometimes mean: You're being unreasonably impatient and I would have appreciated it if you were more patient.
New post: 5 Beauty Apps That Will Save You Time &amp; Heartache 
 you will you will! Pass all your virus to me before u go!
 all's well, all's well. Guess the rail was just suffering a little Monday blues
 this includes me :( and I can't even get on bus
RT : I CAME IN LIKE A POKEBALL 
Itadakimasu! Very pretty #sushi rolls at #SushiBurritoSG. #Japanese #food 
It's #AnimalPrints Day in the office! Could you tell what animals we have on us? Thanks  for… 
New post: How To Tweeze Perfect Eyebrows At Home 
We went to #greece today and this photo is taken by someone from Ukraine. Haha! #friends 
  yeah I just announced the same thing to him yesterday
  Eww the mention of him made me puke a lil...
  clothes probably fit easier when you're flat.
 aww. And it just lets you pat it!
RT : Being confident, firm and principled is not the same as being a bitch. I think people often mistake good qualities and label…
 sounds good!
 and a crying baby which your husband refuses to wake up and attend to
New post: This Simple Trick Can Make You More Photogenic - We Were Amazed By The Results 
 ewww
New post: Golden Globes 2014: Top 5 Best Makeup/Hair According To Us 
 Thank u! I'll post a photo of it when it's all done up. The designer is done with the laces, now working on the beads! I love it!
This is the sketch of my made-to-measure wedding gown. Let's watch it become a real dress soon! We've… 
RT : The Lord is knocking at the door of our hearts. Have we put a sign on the door saying: “Do not disturb”?
New post: Laneige Trouble Relief Line 
新年馬上就要來了! On another note, I've captured, probably, the last time you may see the Five Stars logo. 
The highlight of the bridesmaids' dress fitting session today is, without a doubt, this cute doggie! I… 
RT : The way you style your fringe can make you look either ten times younger or older than you… 
 wow! Better than me, wedding date first prize in 4d but never buy. Hahaha
 of coz u are! Lol
 I would have gotten that for you if I saw it too. Hahaha
 haha says the person who spends a minute on facial cleanser and nothing else! ;)
 wow I shd have thought of it but upon first look I wouldnt have thought it's older than me. Man!
 love the juxtaposition - old alley vs swanky building!
New post: This Guy Lost Almost 17Kg By Eating McDonald's Everyday - We Kid You Not! 
