Disappointed to see the teacher not holding his stand by apologizing for shouting at a kid who blatantly disrespected him. #尊师重道 #NoRespect
RT :  A teacher should never need to apologize for reasonably disciplining a class. I am appalled by the kid…
 怕到，scare that he will threaten to shoot my hand off or something.
Does this means I should be more law abiding now that he is onto my Twitter trail? #Robocop 
Finally got tix to a musical tt I have been wanting to catch for years but nv did. #天冷就回来 #梁文福 
 yes, but I have cut out all  information as to who the person is.
My friend's reaction to my joke tt I'm  buying tixs online to a Korean boy band concert. #LOL #watsapp 
RT : I screamed so loud when Seattle intercepted 49ers last chance touchdown I made my baby cry. Fuck you Seattle for making …
Don't ask me to go for alt transport due to 25mins train delay &amp; yet a train pops up 5mins later. U r juz making my 20mins wait worse. #SMRT
啊哈哈哈哈。这么快就看破红尘! #Respect RT : 「世界上很難找到真正的愛情。」#中三學生寫的東西  #現在學生都經歷些什麼事啊
Michelle Chong's directorial debut 'Already Famous' was surprising gd despite the cliche storyline. Entertaining dialogues &amp; execution.
 I'm surprised to hear tt since this film was set in old Shanghai.  Kinda used to Andy On doing tt in his films though.
 its in English? Not Cantonese or Mandarin?
Wow, I feel old. RT : Young and Dangerous turns 18 this year. That means it's finally old enough to drink in Hong Kong.
So cool! RT : The Simpsons does Miyazaki, and it is absolutely marvelous 
#NowListening : Mayday's 'Dancin' Dancin' feat.Teru (Glay)' 
English translated lyrics for 'Enter Battle', my fav new song on the complilation. #Mayday #五月天 #入阵曲 
Think Mayday is selling their latest complilation album at the Europe concerts tour as there r English translated lyrics for all the songs.
LOL! Hilarious! RT  RT : 笑死！ RT : 男子留学海外三年携外籍妻儿回家过年。 
RT : On a serious note, Sir Run Run Shaw's impact on HK entertainment industry - not just cinema - will be remembered.
He brought much joy to us through his company. RT: R.I.P. Sir Run Run Shaw (1907-2014). Link in Chinese: 
Coolest stuff in my opinion at Mint Toys Museum - Kamen Rider tin toys. 
 Aka 'Man Enough' though they r not man.
'Lost in Thailand' was a real crowd pleaser. The team of Xu Zheng &amp; Wang Bao Qiang was lively. Sadly Huang Bo wasn't given much to do.
This sequel seems way bigger in scope &amp; storyline. 'The Raid 2' trailer. 
LOL! RT : Was told that my niece's first film is HUGO. You know, because she needs to be prepared for WOLF OF WALL STREET
Some films get even better as 1 grows older. 'A Fighter's Blues (阿虎)' is 1 such film. Loved it when I was 15, loved it even more at 27.
RT : Stephy Tang gives you baby tips in the new ad for LNY comedy HELLO BABIES  
'Hello Babies' got Raymond Wong &amp; Eric Tseng to finally collaborate for a CNY film but Stephy got my full attention. 
Love this Christmas gift my sis got me - Cat speaker :) Too bad it's very soft though :( 
阿Sa has slipped into the 轻熟女 phrase beautifully as evident from Show Lo's latest MV. #heart #好鐘意
There's just something endearing about hokkien songs - Show Lo's latest hokkien song 
The final boss kill of 'Sleeping Dogs' parallel the final boss kill of 'Story of Ricky' (力王). #ObscureReference #Grinder #HK
 I'm on leave, on the way to JB 
 cuz u r a 'gin na pi'. Wahahaha!
Taiwanese McDonald's going for the maid cafe concept during Christmas - 
Got this from my company gift exchange bought by a colleague who had a good guess on what I like. # Minion #Dave 
  its practical theme park, money talks!
 pretty fun but I'm missing the massage parlor, hot spring &amp; hostress clubs from Yakuza. Would be great if they duplicate tt.
Nv interested enuff to try GTA but change tt into an Asian setting &amp; I waste hours into it. #SleepingDogs #Yakuza
Young #Kindaichi is back in 'Young Kindaichi's Case File R' . #Yeah 
 'Detective Galileo 2' had Goo Hara in a small role in 1 episode. She was also the singer of the Korean version of the theme song.
 cross sell. The last one got a diff Korean idol guy &amp; Wu Zhun.
Trailer for the new 'Young Kindaichi' Special airing on Jan 2014 - 
Its kinda cool to see Kamen Rider being popular enough to have a mini stage show in Singapore. Too bad my nephew is not here in United Sq.
 hahaha, so fun.
:  don't be rude to me. You think I'm Riley?Your think I'm your siblings at home?You think I'm ? 
 (shocked) Y early in the morning so 爆燥? 来红(hokkien)?  
 你不会舍得杀我，我还要看明年的窗帘。 
. 外人乱我兄弟者，必杀之。
我做不到的事，我希望别人能做到。我逼供不出来的东西，我希望有人能逼出。#兄弟间不能有秘密
 u r going for the 怪叔叔 angle?
Make me take flu &amp; cough med but don't provide MC for today, u wan me to fall aslp at work, doc? #Tekan
 心若冰清，天塌不惊。
Time of the year where I need to work with 2 calendars. #ActBusy 
RT : Respect. RT : #LittleIndiaRiot Fact: Police Officers displayed maximum restraint, (cont) 
Well, some ppl wanna test the power of our law &amp; order unit, guess its time to demonstrate it to them. #LittleIndiaRiot #NoRespect
4 person for 5 hrs with lunch &amp; drink at RM$26 per pax. This big room even has its own toilet. #Bargain #Unbelievable 
My collection of super heroes minifig greatly expanded. #TaoBao 
Always wanted to own a full set of #Tmnt figurines fr young. Fulfilled it today. Shall go cry in a corner now. 
Yuen Woo Ping &amp; Wong Ching Po make me look forward to this film 'Once Upon a Time in Shanghai' - 
In memory of Mr Nelson Mandela - Beyond '光辉岁月' #RIPNelsonMandela 
Heard the song 'Thousand Miles' over the radio this morning &amp; this footage juz pops into my brain &amp; cracks me up - 
Spidey! Gwen! New trailer for 'Amazing Spiderman 2' - 
Falalalala-lalala... Early #Christmas mood at our center. #BRT 
Tribute to Paul Walker fr the 'Fast &amp; Furious' team. Race In Paradise, Mr Walker, FF will nt be the same without you. 
Seems fun! Gd for CNY mood RT @LoveHkFilm RT : “The Monkey King” Posters Reveal Glamorous Cast  #JayneStars
As much as I love , I'm nt sure she's a gd choice as Wonder Woman. Would have preferred  (Lady Sif fr 'Thor').
RT : . cast as Wonder Woman for Batman and Superman film  
 u don recognise her as the babe fr 'Fast &amp; Furious'? She's like the best thing abt 'Fast 5' (kidding).
Album for the day - 'We + Andy Lau Greatest Hits 2012 (Mandarin Version)' - 51 of Andy Lau's classics tt accompanied us from young till now.
  这很重要。
 我是在跟你讲是天意，所以不用太在意，因为在意也没用。
 哈哈哈哈，犯太嵗!
Another song from Della for Bu Bu Jing Qing tt is meant to inspire wrist slashing - &lt;身不由己&gt; 
Finished my 1st Singaporean TV series episode in over a decade last night. 'The Journey: A Voyage' is too big a production to ignore.
Kinda same with how I felt when collecting 'Batman &amp; Robin' just to complete my 90's Batman Fiilms DVD Set. 
No matter how lousy the last 2 films were, gotta buy them to complete my Christopher Reeves' Superman DVD Set. 
Haul of the day - 3 SIC 极魂 figurines at $5 each. #Bargain #Unbelievable #ShengTai 
Lin Chiling was really beautiful to look at &amp; was perfect for her role visually but she  can't act to save her life. #SayYes
'Say Yes' was filled with obvious plot devices &amp; dialogues tt were supposed to be touching but failed. Huang Bo was the only saving grace.
As a fellow Singaporean, I have to congratulate Mr Anthony Chen for bringing back the Best Picture Golden Horse Award. #Proud #Respect
 u guys muz have been bored.
RT : Thoughtful piece by  on current state of HK movies. RT: Hong Kong cinema's identity crisis http://t.co/WuY…
  打架！打架！#挑拨
    一大早就被你们充满挑衅与笑点的对话笑醒。#赞 #我的兄弟们充满笑点
 haha, I won't watch these 2 ba but I'll watch In Pursuit of the Dragon.
 noted, will watch it b4 passing to u when I help u buy.
 awww.... Loves the look of the sunny side up.
 available in the US as a 2 discs set with Warrior Journey. Couldn't find the stand alone ver. Saw it on yesasia for ard SGD$20.
This really seems like a cool documentary for a Bruce Lee's fan -  
All these for $10, i'm a very happy DC fan. #Bargain #Lobang #Superman 
"雷神稍鸣动，阴霾天空雨点滴，盼君将留此。" " 雷神稍鸣动，阴霾天空纵无雨，吾亦留此地。" - '言叶之庭'
LOL, kinda cool! RT : This Netflix employee just raised the bar for awesome customer service (screenshot) 
Watching Iko Uwais's debut film 'Merantau', the fish out of water story tt Asian action stars seem to love doing for their debut.
'Die Hard 5' was so OTP tt it ceased to excite. So much budget &amp; action sequences wasted on a badly executed product.
1000s helped to fulfill 1 kid's dream.  Some said money/resources could be better used to help suffering kids. #Cynical? #Practical? #batkid
 cuz 下属的功劳被上司占为己有，而上司的过失是下属的责任， so she don't care - 
New trailer for Jackie Chan's 'Police Story 2013', reminds me of 'Shinjuku Incident' -  via 
 y u play utada whole day? U 2  play soccer together? Watch movies together? Rap Jay Chou songs together? Y, Y, Y?
 不要学烂人  的梗。#烦不烦 #没主见
 我一直觉得她们长得挺像的。
RT : At 1am this morning, Cheng Chen announced his marriage. Netizens' response: "You're late"
RT : ....and Mini Yang also announced her marriage to Hawick Lau.
RT : Yesterday was happiest day on Weibo EVER: Zhang Ziyi acknowledged her new bf (again), Nicky Wu announced relationship wi…
 &amp; its 刘诗诗，not 刘亦飞，so y is it 小飞飞?
 为什么你能把这么开心的事说成如此恶心?
 因为爱让一切都对了。#不需别的理由
 was. Wu Qi Long was married to Ma Ya Su. Divorced ard 4 yrs back.
Nicky Wu announced on weibo he's dating Cecilia Liu. Loved their chemistry in 'Scarlet Heart', really happy for them. 
 u aldy reached episode 9 where he said this phrase?
 ONI! ONI! PUI! PUI!   
 哈哈哈哈，u damn 黑暗!    
 你竟犯了五十次这种错? 强者!  
 原来你每次犯错。 
 为什么这种东西你记得这么清楚? 
 偷拿别人的凑数。。
 人家说的BAD 是乐团啦。
 
Finished the excellent 'The Legend' (太王四神记) &amp; 'Hanzawa Naoki'. Now on to 'Dr Jin'. Watched too much Chinese dramas, need some changes.
RT : 9.8M people affected RT  The numbers you need to know on Super Typhoon #Haiyan #infographic 
以牙還牙。100倍奉還! - #半澤直树 #Awesome
  都是我的错。。。 #BAD #Retro
 no la, finished the 1st 6 episodes 2 weeks back, ytd watched 7 to 10.
Can't believe a banking story with cardboard villains &amp; so much banter plus overacting filmed mostly in sets can work so well. #HanzawaNaoki
2nd arc of 'Hanzawa Naoki' wasn't as gd as the 1st but still a fabulous drama overall. I'm afraid to see a sequel as it's hard to match up.
Realised tt I can empathise with Kondo's decision in episode 9. Things r no longer easily black &amp; white when one grows up. #HanzawaNaoki
 Happy Birthday to u! :)
Show Luo just have a knack for getting solid female artistes to guest star in his MVs. This time, he got Hsu Qi &amp; Ga-In for his new album.
 u will love the effeminate tax official, damn entertaining guy.
 He's already restrained compared to the overacting villains like his boss, the boss tt owe $5b &amp; the 'Agua' tax official.
Will watch for Eddie Peng, Liu Shi Shi &amp; Fala. RT : Preview for 星月傳奇, the chronically delayed 大漠谣 adaptation: 
Gonna love Hana's fightback against the rude govt officials in episode 7. She's too cute to convincingly pull it off though. #HanzawaNaoki
Seriously, 'Thor 2' was a huge improvement over the slp inducing 1st film. Phrase 2 seems promising after this &amp; 'Iron Man 3'.
2 reasons to catch 'Thor 2' - Lady Sif &amp; Jane Foster. #Hot
Still a better love story than 'Twilight'. That separation scene was moving. #Damn RT  Thor 2: A love story between Thor &amp; Loki.
 she was the only reason I managed to survive the bore fest known as 'Thor'.
 Wahahaha, u just watched 'Thor 2'?
So cool. RT : Seen in the London Underground. Love the British sense of humour. [image via ] 
True.Tried in army on open blister &amp; rolled on bed in pain. RT : Put 青草油 (damn pain medical oil) Without Crying #HowToBeAManlyMan
'Finding Mr Right' was cliche but the fast pace &amp; fantastic performances from Tang Wei &amp; Wu Xiubo made the film really good.
 I wanna ask the chef to 跪下道歉 ala Hanzawa Naoki.
Each of the 3 plates of fried rice sent to me, I only ate less than a spoonful, really soggy &amp; tasteless. So disappointing. #DinTaiFeng
Lesson learnt: Do not order Din Tai Feng egg fried rice in the early afternoon.  Manager handled it well by not charging me for the rice.
1st time eaten a horrible egg fried rice at Din Tai Feng. Sent it back twice at the insistence of the accommodating manager but still cmi.
Indonesia's Kamen Rider #copycat - Bima Satria Garuda, pretty fun stuff - 
U r selling a Kamen Rider rod weapon toy, yet u put a 'do not wave' sticker on it,r u kidding me, #Bandai? #Joke 
I'll buy tt for a dollar! New '#Robocop' trailer -  via 
Scenes filmed to showcase 3D were unneccessary &amp; badly broke the momentum of the fast paced action scenes. #TYG2 #TonyJaa
'Tom Yum Goong 2' was reasonably entertaining, not as gd as the 1st film or 'Ong Bak', but better than the 2 'Ong Bak' prequels.
Happy to see  getting some decent screen time in 'Tom Yum Goong 2'. Thought she was having an extended cameo from the trailers.
If u r not intending to walk down the escalator fast, can u pls move to the left side &amp; stop obstructing the way?
Hoping this will be as gd as the fantastic 1st film - Teaser trailer for 'The Raid 2' -  via 
RT : via  Shanghai cinema accidentally uses Photoshopped poster for Thor 2 and it's magical  htt…
 my current watch is a G-shock, though I bought it back in 2009.
 想回到过去?
 its not user friendly. Need to go online to figure out how to find  functions tt were readily available in previous ver.
 hahaha! So cute!
Trying to understand bank's reserve requirement due to 'Hanzawa Naoki' episode 6.
Finished the Osaka arc of 'Hanzawa Naoki'. Totally understand the show's popularity now. Really uplifting &amp;  exciting stuff.
 I see his expressions aldy very dramatic like Bruce Lee.
Finally able to catch 'Hanzawa Naoki' on dvd tonight. Need to understand the hype. #Laggard
Mission 2 accomplished. Ate both Red Bean &amp; Chocolate versions. #BonusPoints #RiverSafari 
Mission 1 accomplished. Even saw Kai Kai shitting. #BonusPoints #RiverSafari 
River Safari missions: 1) See pandas 2) Eat Panda Pau #LikeATourist
We are against Mainland Chinese populating our country but will flock to River Safari to pay &amp; visit 2 Mainland Chinese. #Irony #Panda
 ya, 1st time since ORD. 越老越勇。
Kanna mobilised but can't get a cab. Best.
Mental strength &amp; 4 consecutive Ippt in 3 weeks won over effects of Redbull. #100Bucks 
Ytd rewatched 'Ong Bak', today rewatching 'The Raid'. Tomorrow will be 'Dredd'. #Link
U can take away our voting rights, our press freedoms, but U can't take away our TV! RT   via 
Tony Jaa teaching his FF7 co-star Vin Diesel Muay Thai. 
'Cobu 3D' (now known as 'Make Your Move') finally getting release after 2 years. Cliche storyline but it has Boa.  
 definitely will have change, but the impt thing is by how much.
 yeah, we need to take 6 more times of 3.2! #FML
Not again, Jackie.RT : So, the Jackie Chan quote I just retweeted? He said it in ENGLISH  (via )
There's 2 interesting episodes of 2nd season's 'Telling Maria' where Teresa Mo talk abt Stephen Chow &amp; Leslie Chung. 
这就是所谓的摇滚吧? 
Mayday's theme song for 'Bu Bu Jing Qing'. Kinda makes an already highly anticipated series even more so. 
Jus realised auto correct changed my hashtag of #Yeti to #Teri in previous tweet. #WTF
Cat was cleaning itself on the bench in the male changing room. #KwaSiMi #Taunt #AlphaMale 
Have no idea wat the 7 mins of Jap commercials were toking abt but hell do they look fun! #Smap #TommyLeeJones #Teri
RT : I wonder if Academy members seeing Tommy Lee Jones dance with SMAP will prevent him from winning an award ever again htt…
 not only Singaporean parents, any Asian adult can say tt to ppl younger than them.
RT : I had so much fun at SPECIAL ID. It's like the bizarrely inspirational INFERNAL AFFAIRS. Wonky subtitles are a bonus.
　.
Cult of Banksy. RT  RT : I'm the Accidental Owner of a Banksy. "
这世界最远的距离不是天与地， 而是IPPT pass 在我面前，我却差22秒。#世纪悲剧 
 Wahahaha, 一大早就来这个。。  
贼! 贼! RT : 可以忘记的,就忘记。不可以忘记的也是一种经历。#特殊身份 #specialID #陈子寵 #QOTD"
'Special ID' had alright but nt fantastic action, bad dialogues, cliche storyline. But it's the most fun Donnie Yen's film in these few yrs.
#TIL tt the most entertaining thing abt Donnie Yen's 'Special ID' is not the action but his self dubbed heavily canto accent mandarin.
  我都在装河童。
Awesome 2 mins Superman 75th Anniversary Animated Short that showcases his various milestones: 
 ahahahaha! 你够狠! 有好笑到。。 
 人家当什么兵，哪像我们冲山兵? 
 Wahahaha, u muz be very free in camp.
There's always time for 'Future Cops'. RT : I know what I'm watching on this flight 
 it was my 3rd home during my svc time with Selarang being my 2nd.
Tvb continues w/ badly written,low budget dramas. RT : HKTV, which is helmed by Ricky Wong,fails to apply for a free-to-air license.
Been so long tt I don't remb the last Chinese scorer. RT : is my tv spoilt or did a Chinese dude really score for Singapore?
My fav song from the series. RT : Just downloaded this song:  #younganddangerous
