 好好学习，别偷懒！
没有工作，每天都过得好蛋疼好无聊。。。身边还没有人陪，缺少能量~
 鸟叔用登巴巴首发居然赢球了
RT :  鸟叔怎么了？
鸟叔神奇，陈老师手机飞了。哎哟喂
好想好想。
been crying since the day
订个double room是为了放松心情，哪里想找女人了，懂得自然懂。
What a scorching day...any tips to get cool?
今天交了个女朋友好开心~她给我买了个8块钱的墨镜，好开心哦！
一个人一个心只烦不累
I was too exhausted and distressed to think about my living expense.
Summer vacation in manchester begins with a 20-thousand-word dissertation. Sigh~
RT : Jose Mourinho signs 4-year contract to become new Chelsea FC () manager, the club confirms
Chinese customers are really gold mine~~名牌价格优势吸引中国购物者 
Head up, give me a pretty face 
I insist Borussia Dortmund is better. But it's fucking fate.
 yummyyummy^•^ sashimi
It was ridiculous of saying "we need add one data on the exam paper appendix table" only 20 min before the end of exam!! Damn!!
RT : 26 years,
1497 games,
893 wins,
38 trophies,
13 leaguetitles,
5 FACups, 
4 LeagueCups,
2 ChampionsLeagues, 
1 chewing gu…
Scottish independence: 500 days until 
 referendum 18 september 2014
 it is my pleasure
 第二种TT，拙计
闭上嘴，好好学，节俭度日
一有个女人顿时感觉自己离朋友圈远上好几段
 that's true
According to the test by my lecturer, the result shows I have got a poor listening skills. That is incredible!
Feel depressed about my spoken English in manchester. I cannot live in my life as I was in Edinburgh.
I have no choice but reading more. Hard working! Pass everything this semester!
 还是我对我的逻辑直觉太有自信
女人实在是太弱了
 If you need me, I will stay with you.
Your KD was so weak. 
 what
 u rock my world baby.
RT : My first twitter is in Valentines' Day.I love you.
 You are my sweet valentine, sweetie.
哭了，好感动额。我只是说了句没钱花了，外公就给了30W说拿去花吧TT.......
RT : i hate bobby leask! Omg soooo oooo oooo annoying
only 9 days left to review 4 exams content
RT @FIirting: If you have a choice between me and her, choose her because if you really loved me, there wouldn’t be a choice.
Merry X'Mas to my friend
RT : Care too little, you'll lose them. Care too much, you'll get hurt.
这个故事是最佳的利器了，留下华丽的背影才会轻松得快吧
RT : Sex doesn't equal love.
RT : what a result,3points! Sweet! Whoever threw that coin,what a shot! Can't believe it was a copper 2p....could have at leas ...
Nice one afternoon meeting with my personal tutor. 
have no idea about coursework! anxious
Everything is ok but the coursework! Damn!
View from my flat on 6th floor. 
settle down in mill point, manchester
