How to read? 暗恋
This 2...
Canteen got police booth sia. Can shout 0404804 try?
Wa knn so cold
Ccb.. read the article also scared to go for pe tomorrow. Feel very sad for the boy
All these old songs really bring back a lot of memories sia
Fuck la still dunno how the bloody fuck i fall
Everyday sure stomachache in school
RT : So true........ "If you got money, girls naturally will sit on your lap."
Miss 1 bus for 20 seconds only then need to spend $8 again. Fuck
Fucking tired
 your result last year how lol
 sure not?! tomorrow sure no school liao lol
 study hard la you
 think of you even more stress sia HAHA
 as long as i am studying i sure will have stress one laaaa
 cb.. you want liddat la now?
 sec 4 how? fun?
 don't need la i so smart..
 all the best
Take result, send gf home, chiong ss. Steady?! 
 early morning don't emo lei hahaha
How many time can a person last seen you haha
Wa knn come up bus only stomachache..
Mr Postman
"She wanted something else, something different, something more"
Goodnight
This cab auntie dunno how go my house. I also dunno...
 why? Update me lei. Whatsapp
Such a cold night
 where
 what
Atomic kittens
Happy birthday! 
Happy birthday dongseng! 
 don't carry ball lei what big and scary hahaha thanks
RT : shall try http://t.co/mni6EVxGxs
  oic
 thanks cheryl bebe &lt;3
  pegi honggan
  where got dua you.. want come out ma?
  why fuck me :(
 aiseh....
 haha i chute you
Cb.. walk sart sart at 491 ah someone. Hahaha 
Pizza boy also can kenna 9696 by 999?!
 my sim card error. No whatsapp so i tomorrow then contact you all.
Wtf la pie this timing jam
Sweating like fuck
Good night so far
Why time pass so slowly today?
:(
Life is always hard for the belle of the boulevard
See doc alone again...
Lanpa palan
I don't know where you're going and I don't know why
 cardio
Happy birthday! 
2%
Sitting at my old place in 4n2 classroom. Sad.. i should be here
Tired until i dunno my own name
Phone drop inside all crack. Cannot even navigate. Swee! Fuck my life
Sooo tired
RT : Monday blues lei
I'm at Jurong Point (Singapore) w/ 7 others 
Chinese teacher damn cute sia haha pattern alot
Forget it
Goodnight
 cb you monthsary itchy itchy cannot sleep come disturb ah
 how much you lose this time
 i iron man
 no furgeson cannot.. moyes fucked up
 cannot. Man u lose i cannot sleep
1-2
RT : Not a good week hmm.
RT : Know who ur friends and foes are, show no sympathy towards ur foes!
"我上去拿钱先“ 
Goodnight
 
 just nice finish already hahah
 go watch ah. Channel 866
This timing watch chinese ghost movie alone really ice cream sia.
2014 is the year of remorse and sorrow
Spent my whole friday and saturday doing nothing
The day you went away ~
Raise Your Weapon
First State feat. Sarah Howells - Reverie (Dash Berlin Remix): 
Fetching my sister from school later. Time flies
 see mother bathe somemore
2nd day already rushing to school in cab fucking jialat sia me
Getting stuff for lunch (@ FairPrice Xtra w/ 3 others) 
I'm at Jurong Point (Singapore) w/ 2 others 
Fuck second chances. They will never feel the same
Not funny (@ Yuhua Secondary School) 
 all the best. Stay safe
Sore eyes until later would be nice so I can take mc
Happy birthday! 
Fucking rubbish
I don't even know when school is starting
Now i know why no one likes both of you
I'm at Takashimaya S.C. (Singapore) w/ 8 others 
RT : Fucking hell, what a way to start year 2014
3 vans
I'm at Crown Music Box (Singapore) 
I'm at Allurez Club &amp; Lounge 
I'm at Bugis Junction (Singapore) 
Happy new year on cab...
Uncle pls drive faster..
RT : The bad news is that time flies, 2014 coming in less than 4 hours time. The good news is that your the pilot.
I'm at Amusement Leisure Club 
Just posted a photo 
I'm at Boon Lay Shopping Centre (Singapore) 
Arbo i fuck animal and eat shit you also follow
Plans and resolutions
RT : Live for yourself.
New Years' Eve
I'm at Boon Lay Shopping Centre (Singapore) 
Stand here so long not even 1 cab pass by
Body clock body clock
RT : Just be myself..
 already lose
  7mins more you wait. Become 2-3
I wear liverpool jersey just now... no wonder so fast goal
 emo nemo again sia somebody..
Go liverpool! Fuck chelsea 
She will be loved
Cough like fuck
I'm at Food &amp; More (Food Court) (Singapore) 
 chey i thought you meant buey lun. You very confusing lei tsk
 you sure sweet talk like them with someone someday ma
 your turn will come eventually
What is the real definition of happiness?
 hamster catalogue.. got blonde hamster, brunette hamster, asian hamster
 
I'm at Changi International Airport (SIN) (Singapore) w/ 72 others 
Farking pinoy fuck
Need to take out belt 2 times. Fucking stupid system
I'm at Ngurah Rai International Airport (DPS) -  (Badung, Bali) w/ 335 others 
Few more hours till home....
... 
I don't understand
 sorry x2
Room service again! Fat fat fat...
 when you going to cook for us..
  sure laosai lol
Baby pork ribs and thai noodles from room service. Hungry! Faster...
Shialla cigg lost
 really is rabak...
Room's view @ The Bene 
I'm at The Bene (Denpasar, Bali) 
Police Have Taser has arrived (@ Ngurah Rai International Airport (DPS) -  w/ 277 others) 
 ikr lol i dun dare swim at the beach.. i scared tsunami
 ya. Like 5mins away from your inn
Bene hotel! 
I'm at Changi International Airport (SIN) (Singapore) w/ 226 others 
 ok la i go tidur first.. see you later
 yeah should be. You staying where later?
 haha skarli we stay same resort
 i also dunno.. but my flight shd be ard 11
 you also going ah lol
Bali in a few hours... really fucking lazy
    fuck u kj anyhow use my acc tweet
 merry christmas can we share some
Merry christmas
Dumb movie.
I'm at Yew Tee Square (Singapore) 
To think that you actually cared
Everything also want kpkb
RT : Suddenly feel so sad. Dont feel like talking..
 no la lol they auto one hahaha
I'm at Changi International Airport (SIN) (Singapore) w/ 102 others 
I'm at Yuen Kee Restaurant 源記燒味粉麵茶餐廳 (Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong) 
Waaaa so cold
 lj lol
Cannot sleep
Must hint hint abit..
I'm at Temple Street Night Market 廟街夜市場 (Yau Ma Tei) w/ 6 others 
 so you think you are an ah lian
 never miss me la?
That close to wetting myself and i'm not even nesr to the hotel
Goose (@ Sham Tseng Chan Kee 深井陳記燒鵝) 
I'm at Langham Place 朗豪坊 (Mong Kok) w/ 4 others 
Hungry hungry hungry
我不配
不是你的就不要勉强
I'm at Dragon Centre 西九龍中心 (Sham Shui Po) 
I'm at Apliu Street Flea Market 鴨寮街跳蚤市場 (Sham Shui Po) 
I'm at Tao Heung 稻香 (Wan Chai) 
Doesn't feel the same
Goodnight
RT : I missed you yesterday, i miss you today, and i will miss you tomorrow ...
Not my day. Not my year also.. everything also not mine eh. You also not mine
Sorry if i'm not what you expect me to be
Can see but cannot touch or buy...... (at ) 
   ask kj see his phone
I'm at Lung Cheung Plaza 龍翔廣場 (Wong Tai Sin) 
I'm at Sik Sik Yuen Wong Tai Sin Temple 嗇色園黃大仙祠 (Wong Tai Sin) 
I'm at MTR Tsim Sha Tsui Station 尖沙咀站 (Tsim Sha Tsui) 
Breakfast...... (@ Yuen Kee Restaurant 源記燒味粉麵茶餐廳) 
Great morning to cuddle... with myself
