Next goal, national champion...

下一个目标,全国冠军

#judo #fightingon 
RT : World's smallest McDonald's (Japan): 
Maybe I should have gone to FASS. Damn. 
Finally the moment I trained for a decade has arrived! 
Sir must be behind thinking this fat ass siao liao.... 
Judoka... 
Come to daddy! 
华中!扁它! #hwachong #judo 
Judo with aloyyysius the wrestling king! 
Hope I can post this picture again next year! #ITC2014 
Hell yeah we did it! #itc2014 
RT : #MondayMotivation What is your favourite motivational phrase? #IJF #Judo 
This is the beginning, not the end... 
 test still early lar haha now still stage 1 only! You driving auto or manual?
 go get an instructor license and coach me I think I will be more motivated!
 because now i am new so quite fresh and interesting plus very nervous! But the instructor tells me it is indeed very boring...
 may I bring you to the fact that university starting next week Miss Graduate! Hahahahahahaha Monday I four lessons in a row!
 yes! Three sessions in a row! With 30 mins interval in between!
Six-hour driving lesson let's go! 
  Bon voyage HuiQI!
Pain (ankle) Expensive (tape) Troublesome (tapping) Priceless (Judo) #judo 
Lunch with Papa... 
This 金目鲈 is one of the best I have eaten so far! ♥George 
Satay is noob compared to this.  ♥♥♥ #羊肉串 
So the journey of learning begins... 
I used to hate Judo. Now it is part of my life... #judo #hci 
民以食为天 
 so how many did you burn this year? 
This is another way to spend a holiday... #judo #ntuholiday #hcijudo 
 ah nice I am going back Saturday afternoon to judo. DONT STALK ME
This is one of the ways to spend a holiday... #chickenwings#latergram#ntuholiday 
 i know the auntie and uncle personally and every time I go I will get special treatment no kidding and why today you go back?
 nah today I not there but the food is simply awesome and cheap don't you agree?
 Hwachong high school? which stall?!
 
 omggg 'you newaza with me' itself sounds JUST WRONG, NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
 too early :( need to work to support my big fat body :) why miss me ah aiyooooo we talk privately leh~
 too much private information please...
RT : battlefield 4 banned in china. srsly...
Too many coins part II... 
Too many coins... 
#nostalgicsaturday 
 give me a peqce of mind and spend the new year happily :-D
 I am not checking until next year....
I. Did. Not. Just. Have. A. Buffet. I. Swear. 
 Mikhaylin because he is the only one standing a chance against Riner and we can discuss over dinner how.. 
My favourite uncle in NTU 
My hand phone wallpaper until I am a Judo champion... 
RT : The cutest-funniest-weirdest postcard I've ever received. Love it! Thank you    !!! 
RT : when your crush finally texts you first 
The best food I have eaten in my Japan trip so far. Thank you Puiseng 先辈! 
On a bloody chilling and windy Tokyo night...waiting for a senior of mine... 
Die. Fat die all of us. 
Tokyo Tower, a quite failed copy of the Effiel Tower hehe... 
This bicycle is parked by the lamp post without any chain and lock...

Have you seen people taking up… 
Eating this in Starbucks is obviously wrong. BUT WHO CARES! 
Tokyo Skytree! 
This is the best dessert I have eaten in my life...Thank you Nicholas! 
Kodokan! Mission Japan accomplished! 
Inside the Kodokan! #judo #ijf 
 ok! I send you through Facebook then!
 hahahaha I can send you my itinerary! Hehehehe I am so proud of myself for planning such wonderful trip muhahahahaha sorry!
 Lmao hahahahaha too literally! But unlimited train rides are really convenient! Are you coming with tour guide or friends?
Bye railway/shunkansen buffet! I will miss you! 
RAMEN @ RAMEN MUSEUM! The soup is omgggggggggggggggg 
Noodle from Kazakhstan in Japan! barzhas! 
Yokohama! 
天后庙,也就是妈祖庙... 
Yokohama Chinatown!!!! 
Yes...the layer is beef...awww! 
I gotta give it to the Japanese for their clean streets and recycling effort. There are extremely few… 
Eating an ice cream at 10 degree Celsius: challenge completed! 
Nani?! There are still wanted men from the Japanese Red Army?! 
Lunch on Shinkansen! I tell you the beef rice roll is bloody tasty... 
Kyoto Toji! 
Horse sashimi! RAW HORSE MEAT! 
Our minister on Japanese TV! 
Kinkakuji! 
Ginkakuji! 
Imperial garden! 
Lake in the palace! 
Kyoto imperial palace! 
午餐! 
 Quite similar! i have already gone to osaka, nara and kobe! for the past few days i live kyoto and having a day tour tmr!
东大寺大佛... 
I have give it a pass... 
 lol aiyahhhhh I can tell you all my trip! Where are you going?
 18th Dec! You coming soon?
 nara! Kobe is somewhat boring! Nara has many historical places!
Lepak one corner in Nara! 
东大寺 in Nara! Yes! Those are deers! 
Today's dinner...yummy! 
日本清水寺... 
A view of Kobe from Mountain Rokko 
神户南京町(唐人街) 
Starbucks at Chinatown @ Kobe...irony right? 
So they do have train carriages in Japan...What's in the films seems legit... 
Qiu Mingda your place right? 
Hi my name is Toyotomi Hideyoshi! 
This beef bento is..bloody awesome...I am going to depend on bento boxes for the rest of the trip. 
Whale meat, is it? 
Challenge completed: orderint McDonald in Japanese...oh I mean 'in Japan'... 
Cruise along Osaka River! 
500 Yen Bento Lunch...not because this is made in Japan then I say it is good, but it simply just… 
There is not a single piece of litter in yhe river... Japanese (y) 
Osaka! 
Supper... 
Holy mother... 
Christmas Tree at Kyoto Traim Station #thrashthatsingaporechristmastree 
Seriously this is better than Scoot...or just better than planes... 
On a Japan train! 
RT : The Eiffel Tower has been lit up in the colours of the South African flag to grieve over Nelson Mandela's death: http:/…
I have started, have you? 
Japan, see you in few days time! #japanhereicome #holiday 
 just tahan few more hours lar muhahahahahaha
 lol when you paper ends again?
 home
 jiayou bitch, btw wants some delivery from me? :P
One last paper... #french #j'aimeparlefrancais #bonnechance 
 lol same! jiayou!
  lol the day she is going to confess to her crush
For those good in mathematics is there something wrong with this guy's shirt? 
 join them!
 THIS PIECE OF C*** COSTS MORE THAN A 100 BUCKS? ok sorry my bad!
 lol buy one and wear Bernice!
Je m'appelle CJ. 
#mycosyhome 
RT : The reason you can't sleep at night: 
Let it rain let it rain let it rain... 
 I am still planning. I am planning to visit Osaka, Kyoto and Yokohama other than Tokyo~
 LOL until when? I am in Japan from 8th Dec to 18th Dec
 eh I am also going Japan! next month! when you?
 I think he is worried about the Japanese dudes :P
 LOL French ranked around the same as China! English Proficiency Falters Among the French 
So who do you think he is? #me 
Everyday I am Frenching... #headache #french #ntu 
 hahahahaha
I think my school is awesome ♥ #ntu #nbs #singapore 
 lol still a very strange individual hahaha now i know why
My mum brought this back from China for me. She said that I used to play with this since a very young… 
Black belts :) #judo #fightingfilm 
Bye NTU! 
Let's go for a swim! #singapore#flood 
 lesson time....
I am in a middle of a damn class....damn. 
LOL one more biscuit prize! 
Paying in class helps. I bought the can of coke but there is no snack available. I got the pack of… 
RT :  French is sexiest language: poll  
#french #hot #accent #jeparlefrancais #bri…
Booze 
You may have as many custom stamps as one can imagine. I have two passports.  Beat that. 
Oh mother.... 
大获全胜! 
♥♥♥ 
Just posted a photo 
Oh god...I miss those times.... 
Les madeleines au citron 
RT : French world champions Teddy Riner and Loïc Pietri showcase judo at SPORTEL OFFICIEL

STORY:... 
Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you...Naked Bob the Titan... #crazyshit #icangiveyouhisnumberlady 
All I can say is that this canteen 2 pizza tried his best... 
See you tomorrow after your lunch break! 
Air-conditioner, chilled Pepsi Light and chinese chess with George, after some judo workout, 5km jog… 
First feast with bros at canteen 2 
I think we hall 6 people have to be grateful for at least the air-conditioned lounge...this is hall… 
Last lesson! 
Utown's Korean food is actually not bad... by the way happy 9th year anniversary Xiaoming and Xiaoyao!… 
"Sorry fatty,  canteen closed on Saturday..." Not funny. 
The place where I find more exchange students than NTU or NUS hahahahahahaha #clarkequay 
New canteen 2!!! 
The number of projects in NBS is too damn high! 
Bros for life!!!!!! 
Ok I slack too much...but my bros are gonna feed me well! 
BBQ stingray is my ♥ 
Oh putain!  The smoke is coming! 
Ok so next time someone comes from overseas to visit me I am going to bring them to have dessert… 
PUFF THE MAGIC DRAGON! 
Sinful sinful sinful... that's a lot of laps I need to swim tomorrow!  #singapore# bbq#chickenwings 
Guess what this is? Oh my god my favourite!  #singapore#bbq#squid 
Bros for life! Who needs a girlfriend when you have brothers like this... #singapore#bbq#bromance 
George knows what I love to eat and he prepares it! Awww ♥ #singapore#bbq#fish 
BBQ! THANKS GEORGE!  #singapore#bbq#satay 
 nope! But my friend is a great fan!
 new season?
原来法国佬也喜欢玩词组排列成句的游戏.... 
The new blk 32 lounge rocks! Perfect place for me to do my assignment! 
每天两点睡觉七点起床是要玩死自己的节奏吗？
One of the several good aspects of living on the ground floor of hall in NTU!  ♥ 
 :( this. is. unacceptable. nice. knowing. you. Maria. ops. I. mean. Marie. :(
 eh ya how come I never see you in school after the semester begins? Avoiding me right...
 awww someone pissed off the little princess again...
 没有！真的！以后没人要了！
 nope! no sarcasm, rant on!
 rant rant rant! carry on ranting i like!!!
Late night chinese chess ♥ 
WHAT HAPPENED TO MY FACE!!!! DIE! DISFIGURED! 
Gotcha! 
mrniumuye nakedbob91 
I found this in my suit...wtf! 
♥ 
Best way to finish a tutorial at night: with the live telecast of world judo championship on YouTube!… 
 sorrli i parnoidddddddd
