Xi wants scientific, democratic and legalistic CPC.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
Chinese bank card use surges: report.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
China Record Credit Growth Boosts Outlook for Economy
 
MMLC met with the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology today, assisting with China competition and IP policy development.
US universities setting up campuses on mainland China | 
China's anti-corruption campaign widens beyond politics, hits business and academia | 
Shanghai names new chief for SOE reform
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
China January bank lending hits four-year high 
Hong Kong’s Indentured Servants, via  
China among the world's riskiest countries to do business: survey | 
PBOC: Policies in pilot free trade zone 'very soon'
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
China's inflation up 2.5% in January
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
Shanghai media conglomerate wants to create China's equivalent of Bloomberg: reports | 
RT : What the world looks like from atop China's tallest building:  
China's inflation rate climbed up to 2.5% last month | 
120 M&amp;A deals completed in January.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
 removed from US fake goods blacklist
   
For South China Sea claimants, a legal venue to battle China 
China Said to Target 7.5% Export Growth in 2014 
Danone to become second-largest shareholder of Mengniu
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
China to fight air pollution with $1.65B fund 
Pollution makes Beijing almost ‘uninhabitable for human beings’
 
China-Iceland FTA effective later this year. 
Do not fear a Chinese property bubble 
Liaison mechanism to be set up across Straits
   @中国日报-移动新媒体 
China trade growth beats expectations 
Danone raises stake in Mengniu amid China food safety concerns 
Canada scraps millionaire visa scheme, cancels 46,000 Chinese applications | 
Sochi glitch brings business for China's online vendors
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
Mainland Chinese urged to drink more milk as part of national nutrition plan
 
Why one analyst says China's currency could actually be overvalued: 
RT : JPMorgan says buy Chinese stocks for 20% advance within weeks 
Taiwanese and Chinese officials begin landmark cross-strait summit in Nanjing today | 
Anti-corruption bureau chief suspended.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
More antitrust probes in the pipeline
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
China may soon be named the world's largest trader in goods 
NDRC investigates Qualcomm on anti-trust grounds
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
Holiday spending suggests strong consumption growth.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
RT : Dongfeng Motor Halts Hong Kong Trading Pending Announcement - Bloomberg: Dongfeng Motor Halts Hong Kong Tradin... http://t.co…
ANZ's Mike Smith says rebalancing of China's economy requires strategy, time and determination
 
Shanghai sashays past Hong Kong as Asia's most fashionable city
 
Capital account swings to surplus in 2013: SAFE.  @中国日报-移动新媒体 
China Must Tolerate Some Volatility in Market Rates, PBOC Says 
Dairy firms looking at M&amp;As
   @中国日报-移动新媒体 
Beijing finally sees its first snow of the season, after a 107-day wait
 
Canada floats new citizenship rules that could affect thousands of Chinese
 
Report suggests more partnerships for emerging economies
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
Trade frictions with the EU likely to grow
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
China Has the Largest Patent Office in the World, Displacing the USPTO in 2013:  
Swiss watch exports to China rise significantly in December ... 
US Senate confirms Max Baucus as new US ambassador to China | 
Aston Martin recall over dodgy pedals 'made in China'
 
RT : #China's #oil demand is growing, US agency says. 
Chinese tech giant Huawei enters Nepal's market
   @中国日报-移动新媒体 
China's Geely leads Ukraine's passenger car market.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
Alibaba, Sina cast envious eyes on Tencent's 'Hongbao'
 
China turns off Formula One
 
U.S., China to strike deal to enable audit inspection
 
Mercedes-Benz starts new year with strong sales.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
China's new graduates seek out civil service posts, despite intense competition
 
China officially reopens for business on Friday after the festive New Year holidays come to an end.
Anti-graft agency to widen net.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
RT : The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have set up companies to protect the brand and IP rights: 
Foreign retailers learning how to click with Chinese fashionistas
  
ICBC buys Standard Bank Plc.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
Poor corporate governance may make foreign investors think twice about Hong Kong-listed firms, says BDO 
Beijing competes to spearhead medical reforms
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
Record cash injection in UK by China, says diplomat.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
China's chemical sector profit grows in 2013
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
Educated women driving online shopping
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
Beijing announces new rules telling officials no cover-ups using state secrecy as excuse
 
Human rights report denies China's judicial progress。 @中国日报-移动新媒体
Lunar New Year distorts economic data。 @中国日报-移动新媒体
Chinese snap up Australia 'significant investor' visas
 
China non-factory PMI falls to 53.4, latest sign of slowing economic growth
 
Manufacturing PMI drops to 50.5
   @中国日报-移动新媒体 
Imax Faces a Threat in China, via  
China's factories slow down as credit squeeze and holiday disruption kick in
 
China's homegrown smartphone manufacturers present challenges for Apple and Samsung:  
China refutes statement by US State Department on press freedom
 @中国日报-移动新媒体
Xi Jinping calls for less pollution 
Price controls eased at high end for major cities in China
 
Aviation sector should be more competitive: Li
 @中国日报-移动新媒体
M&amp;A deals reach record high in 2013
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
China allows more private capital in telecoms
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
Germany, China vow to boost cooperation. 
Law enforcement teams from China, the US, India and Romania cooperate in hacker crackdown ... 
What the HSBC China PMI today really means "production levels continued to increase" 
Happy Chinese New Year from all at MMLC! 我们祝您新年快乐! 
Yuan to appreciate moderately in 2014
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
China manufacturing index shows first contraction in 6 months | 
Sands China profit rises 40% on robust demand | 
Most of my money in China, says James Packer

 
Lenovo to Buy Google’s Motorola Unit for $2.91 Billion
 
China tops world in red wine consumption 
Beijing to subsidize new energy cars.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
Hong Kong courtrooms now allow live tweeting, texting | 
Australian banks rush to lend $28.7 billion to Chinese borrowers

 
China and Taiwan to hold highest level meetings since 1949 ... 
Chinese consumers are no longer willing to pay a hefty premium for any old foreign brand  
Property buyers scouring the world in diversification drive.  @中国日报-移动新媒体 
Chinese Homebuyers Thronging Sydney Create Mini-Bubble Frenzy
 
Baidu tracks the Spring Festival travel frenzy
   @中国日报-移动新媒体 
Hong Kong to have HK$50.3 billion budget surplus by end of March: Deloitte China | 
Gold Flows East as Bars Recast for Chinese Defying Slump
 
Caterpillar bullish on China ... 
Two Hong Kong firms to pay $11 mln to settle SEC insider trading ... - Reuters 
ICBC offers clients options to recoup funds from trust | 
RT : Despite weak sales in the U.S., Apple's sales in China and Japan are growing.  via 
8.8% salary hikes expected for 2014.  @中国日报-移动新媒体 
China reveals 2014 financial reform priorities.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
Li Na clinches first Australian Open title
   @中国日报-移动新媒体 
Yuan use rises to 8th position
   @中国日报-移动新媒体 
New security commission to be led by top three in Communist Party 
Trademark applications in 2013 exceeding 1.88mln - Lexology  via 
Complaints over data privacy at record high amid direct-marketing checks 
Big Four' China units to appeal SEC suspension ruling.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
12 new free-trade zones to follow in Shanghai's footsteps
 
China Auditors Barred for Six Months Over Blocking SEC Probes
 
More Chinese putting down roots in the US
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
China Manufacturing Index Trails Estimates 
NDRC plans industrial data warning system
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
RT : Thank you to the more than 2,400 #trademark professionals who have already registered for INTA’s first Annual Meeting in Asia! #I…
Remy Martin in low spirits as crackdown drains brandy sales.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
Beijing passes anti-pollution law.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
Tianhong, partner of online giant Alibaba, on its way to become China's No 2 asset manager | 
Boeing expects to deliver 140 planes to China in 2014 | 
Offshore accounts of elite Chinese exposed in unprecedented leak | 
5 senior officials investigated on bribery allegations.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
China Money Rate Slides Most in Four Weeks as PBOC Injects Cash
 
The rule of law - on the improve ... 
China 2013 new home sales surpass $1.1tn 
China's economic growth eases to 7.7 percent in Q4, marks shift to less heady times 
Bejing, Shanghai to step up pollution battle as smog persists | 
China overtakes EU as top export market for Singapore. 
ICBC won't bail out trouble China trust product | 
China’s high court orders blanket ban to deny debt defaulters jobs, travel and credit 
New Year travel rush starts with 3.62b trips
  @中国日报-移动新媒体
Guangdong province sets economic growth target of 8.5% | 
Beijing mayor announces plans for tighter internet controls and anti-riot measures | 
China says probe against Tetra Pak continues.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
Australia's Holster Fashion signs new China distribution agreement for its innovative jelly shoes... 
China's finances weaker than data show, IMF report says
 
China demand drives NZ into top 3 forestry exporters.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
China bank loans growth falls sharply 
Chinese military ordered to buy locally-made cars as Beijing pushes for frugality | 
Online transactions are on the rise - 
Shanghai government cuts expenses
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
Regulation delay puts foreign banks in a spot in Shanghai free-trade zone 
Hong Kong pulls off 20-year reign as world’s freest economy 
Five firms postpone IPOs as China tightens supervision. 
Top justice officials back independence of Hong Kong courts 
China pouring billions into London real estate
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
MMLC has been named Trademark Litigation Law Firm of the Year and International China IP Law Firm of the Year, by... 
China has overtaken America to become the world's biggest trader in goods 
Chief Justice Geoffrey Ma reiterates courts' transparency in second year 
Travel rush train ticket sales surge. The tradition continues.   @中国日报-移动新媒体
Australian resource boom not to go bust due to China.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
CPI sees lowest annual growth since May.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
MMLC's January China Update is out ...


Number of Chinese travelling overseas grew 593% from 2012 to 2013 | 
Global fund managers look for investment opportunities in China's health care, insurance and IT sectors | 
First H5N1 bird flu case in Canada as patient dies after returning from Beijing trip | 
Tencent invests in China cab booking app to tap mobile web users | 
Top court seeks judicial transparency
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
State Council further simplifies approval process.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
Chinese e-commerce giant Taobao bans bitcoin
 
E-commerce boom in China to drive up prices of warehouses, logistic properties: analysts | 
RT : Small acts of kindness like buying a coworker a cup of coffee can improve the environment of a workplace. 
Xi Jinping's visit to a dumpling and bun store in Beijing, has led to some interesting menu items appearing in... 
Good luck to all MMLC staff and partners attending MMLCs annual retreat in Sanya this year. Cheers! 
MMLCs annual retreat is in Sanya this year. Cheers! 
China suspends ban on foreign video game console sales  @中国日报-移动新媒体 
Fresh Signs of a Cooling Economy in China, via  
Hard landing not seen for China

 
RT : Air pollution causes half a million premature deaths in China a year: ex-health minister | 
China’s Cabinet Imposes New Rules in Shadow Banking Fight 
Quality watchdog gives imported food priority
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
Beijing rejects Abe's call for official meeting.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
Director questions 3.6m yuan fine.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
Taobao lures Russian shoppers.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
China Wages Seen Jumping in 2014 Amid Shift to Services 
 
How firms are using 'black PR' to tear down their rivals
 
Property prices rise at stable pace in Dec
   @中国日报-移动新媒体 
Action call on smog, mental health link
   @中国日报-移动新媒体
China to modernize agriculture in new reform bid.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
Disclosure rules bring clarity.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
Gambling revenues in Macau increase 18 pc
 
Better rules on GM food labels needed: expert.     @中国日报-移动新媒体
Chinese tycoon Chen Guangbiao says he is in talks to buy New York Times 
Rules changing for business start-ups.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
China's manufacturing PMI drops to 51% in Dec - consistent with estimates - 
 @中国日报-移动新媒体
Beijing's smog mainly caused by industrial pollution.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
China's securities regulator approves five new IPOs, ending year-long halt | 
Chinese PM Li Keqiang pledges 'appropriate liquidity' in 2014 
Has China's Labour Contract Law accomplished its objectives - 7 years on ... 
New Chinese entry law to take effect on Jan. 1
 
GM launches mammoth recall in China under new auto regulations 
IPO surge sets up bright 2014 for Hong Kong
 
NPO rules expected in 2014.  @中国日报-移动新媒体
