中国要求西方停止搅拌叙利亚和乌克兰的国内政治。
Китай требует, чтобы Запад, остановить смешивания внутреннюю политику Сирии и Украины.
China demands from the West, stop mixing domestic politics of Syria and Ukraine.
China demands West, stop mixing domestic politics of Syria and Ukraine
China demands West, stop mixing domestic politics of Syria and Ukraine.
中国正在考虑引进10对美国武器生产公司实施制裁，对穆斯林武装恐怖分子在叙利亚。
для вооружения мусульманских террористов в Сирии.
Китай рассматривает возможность введения санкций против 10 американских вооружений, производящих компаний,
China is considering introducing sanctions against 10 U.S. arms-producing companies, for arming Muslim terrorists in Syria.
中国正考虑引入对美国武器生产公司实施制裁.
中国正考虑引入对美国武器生产公司实施制裁
Китай рассматривает возможность введения санкций против американских компаний-производители оружия
China is considering to introduce economic sanctions against U.S. arms-producing companies
China does not recognize the Nagorno Karabakh Republic as part of Azerbaijan!
Китай не признает Нагорно-Карабахскую Республику в составе Азербайджана
China not recognized Nagorno Karabakh Republic as part of Azerbaijan!
中国正在考虑对纳戈尔诺 - 卡拉巴赫共和国正式承认
Китай рассматривает для официального признания Нагорно-Карабахской Республики
China is considering for official recognition of Nagorno Karabakh Republic!
纳戈尔诺 - 卡拉巴赫认同中国开始。
Нагорный Карабах признания начать из Китая.
Nagorno Karabakh recognition  start from China.
中国谴责很辛苦，阿塞拜疆炮击，亚美尼亚和纳戈尔诺 - 卡拉巴赫共和国，冬季奥运会期间 - 2014年索契
Китай осудил очень сильно, азербайджанский обстрел, Армении и Нагорно-Карабахской Республики, во время зимних Олимпийских игр - 2014 в Сочи
China condemned very hard, the Azerbaijani shelling, to Armenia and Nagorno Karabakh Republic, during the Winter Olympics - 2014 in Sochi
China condemned very hard, the Azerbaijani shelling, to Armenia and Nagorno Karabakh Republic.
阿塞拜疆必须尊重冬季奥运会在索契，停止炮击亚美尼亚和纳戈尔诺 - 卡拉巴赫共和国。
Азербайджан должен уважать зимних Олимпийских игр в Сочи и остановить обстрел в Армению и Нагорно-Карабахской Республики.
Azerbaijan must respect the Olympic Winter Games in Sochi and stop shelling to Armenia and Nagorno Karabakh Republic.
中国政府认定亚美尼亚领土的不可接受的炮击，阿塞拜疆军队在冬季奥运会期间 - 2014年索契。
во время зимних Олимпийских игр - 2014 в Сочи
Китайское правительство считает неприемлемым обстрел территории Армении, со стороны азербайджанских вооруженных сил .
during the Winter Olympics - 2014 in Sochi.
Chinese government finds unacceptable the shelling of the Armenian territory, the Azerbaijani military forces
Chinese government finds unacceptable the shelling of the Armenian territory, during the Winter Olympics - 2014 in Sochi.!
中国政府阿塞拜疆要求立即停止炮击亚美尼亚的领土，在冬季奥运会期间 - 2014年索契。
во время зимних Олимпийских игр - 2014 в Сочи.
Китайское правительство требует от Азербайджана немедленно прекратить обстрел территории Армении,
Chinese government demands of Azerbaijan immediately stop shelling the Armenian territory, during the Winter Olympics - 2014 in Sochi.
Chinese government demands of Azerbaijan immediately stop shelling the Armenian territory!
созданной правительством Турции
Сегодня вечером я и президент Германии Йоахим Гаук, будем обсуждать об очень плохой ситуации армянского меньшинства в Турции,
made ​​by the Turkish Government.
Tonight I and the President of Germany, Joachim Gauck, are going to discuss about very bad situation of the Armenian minority in Turkey,
Сегодня вечером я и президент Германии Йоахим Гаук, собираемся обсудить о серьезном ухудшении прав человека в Турции
Tonight I and the President of Germany, Joachim Gauck, are going to discuss about serious deterioration of human rights in Turkey.
Tonight I and the President of Germany, Joachim Gauck, are going to discuss about serious deterioration in human rights in Turkey.
Сегодня вечером я и президент Германии Йоахим Гаук, обсудят укрепление китайский - германского военного сотрудничества
Tonight I and the President of Germany, Joachim Gauck, will discuss the strengthening Chinese - German military cooperation
и создания рабочих мест в Германии
Китайское правительство готово до 980 млрд евро дополнительных кредитовать Германии, для социального реформирования
Chinese government is willing to 980 billion euros extra lend to Germany, 
for the social reforming, and creation of jobs in Germany.
и создание рабочих мест в Германии
Китайское правительство готово до 980 млрд евро дополнительных кредитовать Германии, социального реформирования,
Chinese government is willing to 980 billion euros extra lend to Germany, the social reforming, and creation of jobs in Germany.
Китайское правительство готово помочь правительству Германии, с восстановления и укрепления экономики Германии.
Chinese government is willing to help the German government, to restore and strengthen the German economy.
Китай готов помочь в Германию, чтобы восстановить и укрепить немецкую экономику.
China is willing to help to Germany, to restore and strengthen the German economy.
Сегодня вечером я и президент Германии Йоахим Гаук, обсудят членство Турции в ЕС.
Tonight I and the President of Germany, Joachim Gauck, will discuss Turkish membership in the EU.
今晚我和德国总统约阿希姆·Gauck，将讨论在德国三个美国军事基地的关闭。
Сегодня вечером я и президент Германии Йоахим Гаук, обсудят закрытие трех военных баз США в Германии.
Tonight I and the President of Germany, Joachim Gauck, will discuss the closure of three U.S. military bases in Germany.
что может стимулировать рост и укрепление немецкой экономики
Сегодня вечером я и президент Германии Йоахим Гаук,обсудят замораживания процентной ставки (8% в год) немецкого долга в Китай (685 млн евро)
to China (685 million euros), which can stimulate the growth and strengthening of the German economy.
Tonight I and the President of Germany, Joachim Gauck, will discuss freezing the interest rate (8% per year) of the German debt,
to China (685 million euros), which can stimulate the growth and strengthening of the German economy
Tonight I and the President of Germany, Joachim Gauck, freezing the interest rate (8% per year) of the German debt
Сегодня вечером я и президент Германии Йоахим Гаук, обсудят нищеты в мире и нашу поддержку бедных стран мира.
Tonight I and the President of Germany, Joachim Gauck, will discuss poverty in the world and our support to the poor countries of the world.
Сегодня вечером я и президент Германии Йоахим Гаук, обсудят нищеты в мире.
Tonight I and the President of Germany, Joachim Gauck, will discuss poverty in the world.
Сегодня вечером я и президент Германии Йоахим Гаук, обсудят ситуацию на Ближнем Востоке и на Украине
Tonight I and the President of Germany, Joachim Gauck, will discuss the situation in the Middle East and Ukraine.
епископ Геворк Sagatelian для обсуждения сотрудничества между немецкими и армянских христиан
Сегодня вечером я и президент Германии Йоахим Гаук, намерен встретиться с главой армянской православной церкви в Азии (Шанхай епархии)
bishop Gevorg Sagatelian for discussing the cooperation between German and Armenian Christians.
Tonight I and the President of Germany, Joachim Gauck, going to meet with the head of the Armenian Orthodox Church in Asia (Diocese Shanhai)
今晚我和德国总统约阿希姆·Gauck，去会见中国 - 亚美尼亚 
顶级企业家，穆蒂亿万富翁的 
山海亚美尼亚文化中心进行讨论，增加中国投资德国
в Армянскoй культурный центр Шанхай для обсуждения, увеличение китайских инвестиций в Германии
Сегодня вечером я и президент Германии Йоахим Гаук, собирается встретиться с китайцами - Армении 
топ предприниматели, Мути-миллиардеров
in the Armenian Cultural Center of Shanhai for discussion, the increase in Chinese investment in Germany
Tonight I and the President of Germany, Joachim Gauck, going to meet with the Chinese - Armenian top entrepreneurs, muti-billionaires
позиции Германии в Нагорном Карабах - азербайджанского конфликта и открытия армяно - турецкой границы, под давлением Германии.
Запланированное интервью Президента Германии Йоахим Гаук, крупнейшего армянского телеканала «Арарат» о Геноциде армян в Турции,
opening Armenian - Turkish border, by the pressure of Germany.
about the Armenian Genocide in Turkey, German position in Nagorno Karabakh - Azerbaijan conflict and
Scheduled interview of the President of Germany, Joachim Gauck, the largest Armenian TV station "Ararat"
Планируемый визит в музея Геноцида армян в китайском городе Шанхай, вместе с Президентом Германии, Йоахим Гаук
Planned visit to the Armenian Genocide Museum in the Chinese city, Shanhai, together with the President of Germany, Joachim Gauck
Планируемый визит в Мемориал жертв Геноцида армян центра в китайском городе Шанхай, вместе с Президентом Германии, Йоахим Гаук
Planned visit to the Armenian Genocide Memorial Center in the Chinese city, Shanhai, together with the President of Germany, Joachim Gauck
чтобы обсудить укрепление экономических и военных связей между Китаем и Германией.
Во второй половине дня посетить президент Германии Йоахим Гаук в Китай,
military ties between China and Germany.
This afternoon visit the President of Germany, Joachim Gauck to China, to discuss strengthening economic and
Китайская сторона призывает американскую, не мешает внутренней и внешней политики ЕС!
China urges the U.S., not interfere with domestic and foreign policy of the EU!
China urges the U.S., does not interfere with domestic and foreign policy of the EU!
中国和德国，以加强联系。
Китай и Германия укрепить свои связей.
China and Germany to strengthen their ties.
:That is true, China is the strongest country in the world, and that is fact, that West would recognize it or not.
:there is no peace and security in the world.
:Without good cooperation between China and the United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs,
: for  peace and security in the world.
:In addition, China and the United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs, must cooperate, deeper and broader
:The security of the Syrian people is the most important.
:China does everything for rapid restoration of order and security in Syria.
:China is always willing to help the Syrian people
:China is willing to help with the destruction of the Syrian nuclear weapons
Tonight in my pool promised the Syrian president, Bashar Al Assad, within three months, the end of civil war in Syria.
今晚在我的游泳池答应了叙利亚总统巴沙尔·阿萨德，在三个月内，共拆除所有的穆斯林恐怖分子在叙利亚群体。
полный демонтаж всех мусульманских террористических группировок в Сирии.
Сегодня вечером в моем бассейне пообещал сирийский президент Башар аль Асад, в течение трех месяцев,
Tonight in my pool promised the Syrian president,Bashar Al Assad,within three months, total dismantling all Muslim terrorist groups in Syria
Tonight in my pool promised the Syrian president, Bashar Al Assad, within three months, total dismantling all terrorist groups in Syria.
Сегодня вечером в моем бассейне пообещал сирийский президент Башар аль Асад, в течение 3 месяцев мира и безопасности, в целом Сирии
Tonight in my pool promised the Syrian president, Bashar Al Assad, within 3 months of peace and security, in whole Syria.
Tonight in my pool promised the Syrian president, Bashar Al Assad, within 3 months of peace and security, in whole Syria
98% из сирийских городов находятся под непосредственным контролем сирийской армии.
Сирийский президент Башар Аль Асад, есть большие успехи против мусульманских террористов в Сирии.
are under direct control of the Syrian army.
The Syrian president, Bashar Al Assad, have great successes against Muslim terrorists in Syria. 98% of the Syrian cities
叙利亚总统巴沙尔·阿萨德，天长地久，叙利亚总统
Сирийский президент Башар Аль Асад,
остается навсегда, как президент Сирии
The Syrian president, Bashar Al Assad, will remain forever, as president of Syria.
The Syrian president, Bashar Al Assad, will remain forever, as president of Syria
После окончания гражданской войны, Сирия, Китай дает 240 млрд. евро для реконструкции Сирии.
After the end of civil war, Syria, China gives 240 milliard euros for reconstruction of Syria.
Китай дает 60 млрд. евро гуманитарной помощи Сирии
China gives 60 billion euros humanitarian aid to Syria
Китай списать 78 млрд евро долга оружия Сирии
China write off 78 billion euros of debt weapon Syria
由于安全原因，叙利亚总统巴沙尔·阿萨德的家庭，接收，来自中国政府，八安全官员在中国的整个访问期间。
eight security officers during the whole visit in China
Due to safety reasons, the family of Syrian President Bashar Al Assad, receives, from the Chinese government,
восемь сотрудников службы безопасности в течение всего визита в Китай.
В целях безопасности, семья президента Сирии Башара Аль Асада, получает, от китайского правительства,
eight security officers during the whole visit in China.
Due to safety reasons, the family of Syrian President Bashar Al Assad, will the Chinese government,
Due to safety reasons, the family of Syrian President Bashar Al Assad, gets eight security officers during the whole visit in China.
我的孩子和阿萨德的儿童，观看了动物在我的私人动物园。
Мои дети и дети Асада, наблюдали за животными в моей частного зоопарка.
My children and children of Assad, were watching the animals in my private zoo
My children and children of Assad, were watching the animals in my private zoo.
我们的妇女在游泳池制造和服务于我们的美味的鸡尾酒。
Наши женщины делают и служат наши вкусные коктейли в бассейне.
Our women make and serve our delicious cocktails in the swimming pool.
然后，我和叙利亚，巴沙尔·阿萨德总统，就稍休息，在我非常大的游泳池
Тогда, я и президент Сирии Башар аль Асад, пошел немного отдохнуть, на мой очень большой бассейн
Then, I and President of Syria, Bashar Al Assad, went a bit, rest in my very large swimming pool
Therefore, I and President of Syria, Bashar Al Assad, went, we bit, rest in my very large swimming pool
Therefore, I and President of Syria, Bashar Al Assad, were little, rest in my very large swimming pool
我和叙利亚，巴沙尔·阿萨德总统，喝特别亚美尼亚干邑“阿拉拉特5星”，我打开刚才的朋友。
Я и президент Сирии Башар аль Асад, пить специальный армянский коньяк "Арарат 5 звезд", который я открываю только для друзей.
I and President of Syria, Bashar Al Assad, drink special Armenian Cognac "Ararat 5 star", which I open just for friends.
我和叙利亚，巴沙尔·阿萨德总统，具有良好的个人关系。我们的家庭是靠得太近
Я и президент Сирии Башар аль Асад, имеют отличные личные отношения. Наши семьи слишком близко друг к другу.
I and President of Syria, Bashar Al Assad, have excellent personal relations. Our families are too close together.
后来才知道，叙利亚，巴沙尔·阿萨德，他的妻子和孩子的总统， 
去我的别墅的友好晚宴，与亚美尼亚的美食佳肴，由我的妻子和两个女儿做
сделанные моей женой и двумя дочерьми
Тогда я, президент Сирии Башар аль Асад, его жены и детей, 
пошлi в свою виллу для дружеского ужина, с блюд армянской кухни,
with dishes of Armenian cuisine, made ​​by my wife and two daughters
Then I, President of Syria, Bashar Al Assad, his wife and children, went to my villa for the friendly dinner,
Then I, President of Syria, Bashar Al Assad,his wife and children, went to my villa for the friendly dinner, with dishes of Armenian cuisine
叙利亚总统巴沙尔·阿萨德写在亚美尼亚种族灭绝博物馆的纪念册，在中国山海城：“所有阿拉伯人分享亚美尼亚人，他们在土耳其的亚美尼亚大屠杀期间遭受的痛苦。”
"Все арабы разделяем боль армянского народа, которые они понесли во время Геноцида армян в Турции."
Президент Сирии Башар Аль-Асад писал в памятной книге музея Геноцида армян, в городе Шанхай Китая:
"All Arabs share the pain of the Armenian people, which they have suffered during the Armenian Genocide in Turkey."
The President of Syria, Bashar Al Assad wrote in the memorial book of the Armenian Genocide Museum, in Shanhai:
Турция должны очистить свою историю, с признанием. геноцида армян в Турции. Сирия признает Геноцид армян в Турции ".
"Геноцид армян в Турции, является историческим фактом, который знают все арабы.
Президент Сирии Башар Аль-Асад сделал сенсационное заявление в музея Геноцида армян, в городе Шанхай, Китая:
The turkey should be history purify with recognizing the Armenian. genocide in Turkey. Syria recognized the Armenian genocide in Turkey. "
"The Armenian Genocide in Turkey's historical fact, which know all arabs.
The President of Syria, Bashar Al Assad did sensational statement in the Armenian Genocide Museum, in Shanhai China city
The Turkey should be history purify recognize the Armenian Genocide. in Turkey. Syria recognized the Armenian Genocide in Turkey. "
"The Armenian Genocide in Turkey's historical fact, which know all arabs
The President of Syria, Bashar Al Assad did sensational statement in the Armenian Genocide Museum, in Shanhai China city:
Я и Президент Сирии Башар Аль-Асад посетили музей геноцида армян в китайском городе, Шанхай.
После визитов и 2,5 млн. цветов, прокладки в Геноциде армян Мемориального комплекса,
I and President of Syria, Bashar Al Assad visited the Armenian Genocide Museum in the Chinese city, Shanghai
After visits and 2.5 million flowers, laying in Armenian Genocide Memorial Complex
I and President of Syria, Bashar Al Assad visited the Armenian Genocide Museum in the Chinese city, Shanghai.
After visits and 2.5 million laying flowers at the Armenian Genocide Memorial Complex
叙利亚总统巴沙尔·阿萨德和他的家人和他的友好访问的中国。
Президент Сирии Башар Аль-Асад и его семья со своим дружественным визитом в Китаe.
Syrian President Bashar Al Assad and his family with his friendly visit to China.
叙利亚总统巴沙尔·阿萨德，可我，谋杀所有穆斯林恐怖分子，危害叙利亚的和平与安全
Президент Сирии Башар Аль-Асад, 
может, от меня, убiт все мусульманские террористы, которые ставят под угрозу мир и безопасность в Сирии
Syrian President Bashar Al Assad, 
may, from me, murder all Muslim terrorists, which endanger the peace and security in Syria
Syrian President Bashar Al Assad, 
may, from me, all Muslim terrorists murder.
from Syria to China, more than 78 billion euros
Today during my meeting with Syrian President Bashar Al Assad, China, will write off the debt weapon,
более 78 млрд. евро
Сегодня во время моей встречи с президентом Сирии Башаром Аль Асада, Китай, спишет задолженности оружие, из Сирии в Китае,
more than 78 billion euros
