  不要哭 姐姐sayang
  wah 誰要哦
  babe check ur fb inbox xD my dm not working dono why :l
  follow 你了啦 :D
 可以了嗎? :l
還是很習慣一走進 Watsons Guardian 就跑去看bandage :l
Murugan's robot voice :D
 今天好像有人沒有來 不過沒有留意到是誰
如果現在是十二月 這種時間天已經暗了
Left or right eye? #sunshine :) 
  DUI bu qi TT
在中華第一次插隊 TT
      
  There must be an angel with a smile on her face :)
Btw  this's his latest album, has some great new songs too ! :DD
Cause there'll be no sun on Sunday 
No reason for what's to rhyme
Cause if you're bleeding so am I
Listening to the album MoonLanding by James Blunt :)
Doing some research on Baden-Powell..
  sorry da Lao xD
So I have high myostatin level than usual girl, probablyyyyyyy 
I put some salt into my mouth and still I taste nothing :(
Thanks for the tissues :D
Run out of tissueeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Should have brought more tissues :0
  wat moxie?! :0
Stuff tissues into your nostrils then blow them out HAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAAH
Achievement : used two rolls of tissue in a day.
Stuffy nose. Everything I eat is tasteless :l
": 很想念在初三的时候那种每一天都很期待上学的心情" GL3P'12  :)
我的雲吞堆了半張桌子 :0
Cough-sneeze-cough-sneeze
Why do they let people smoke in hair saloon?! Isn't this place air-conditioned?
  不知道哦要生病了瓜
But dream comes slow and it goes so fast
  沒有聲音了 TT
現在說話的聲音好像一次過吸了整包煙醬
Tiffany Alvord's voice does change a lot, still prefer the way she used to sing..
  wah !! Ehhh
": It's strange how the shortest words, yes and no, take the most thought."
": "  HI.
I feel like idk :l
Voiceless TT
Eye why u no let me sleep?!
My right eye is so swollen and uncomfortable
  then go eat mcd lor hahha
  u remind me of Starbucks TT
  read the comment, they say Send for Help ohhh.... True lah hahah
  !!!!!!!
Owh? Since when there's a 'S' 
Filet-O-Fish, Apple Pie and ChocoTop in a row!! :D #happykid
Throat hurts until I woke up.  :l
 ehhh enough listen liao don't emo ! Find some cheerful songs for you firstttttttt
Can't stop laughing at those stupid convos hhahhahahahha
  Is it too late now to fix you :)
Figuring out the chords of Let Her Go
So eventually I reached school at 8.30 like what the :l
倪子傑很很很很很很很很很很很很可愛啊啊啊啊 :DD
The bus driver should inform us if he is not coming! :l
Ehhhh finally stopped crying :) feeling like a 大姐姐 :D
Standing close to her should make her feel better :l
  so awkward TT
I should say something :l
  a form 1 girl taking the same school bus as me
Ahhh, so awkward...
Awww don't cry weih, late ba leh mah :l
學校今天最好是不要記遲到啦
My school bus haven't arrive :l
#300bucks
  as you say long time no train mah...Keep training sure will get back on track one, don't push urself, u seem so stressed :l
  ohh ... u should tell that to urself xD  cheer up lahhhhhh honayyyyyy :)
  Hey hey have you watched this series? lmao :D cheer up lah weih don't worry too much :)  
  on silent mode.. got vibrate one mah ?
  不喜歡中國腔hahhhh
  awww no way :0
  have you tried calling it ?
  last seen?
  你就泡泡北京妹吧
  ohh when ? :(
Hide from timeline. Seeing crap like these makes my blood boil.
If I were her boyfriend, I would be so mad in the other side. Seriously what's wrong with people?!
Stop posting the photos of you both and tagging him. This is not the way you remember your bf , Attention seeker.
I don't get the point. Yes your bf died in a car crash and what ?! You post the screenshot of convo between two of you on fb ?!
Last question!!
Ah, brain juice ... Of course :l
Any solvents to solve these shit?
I am still doing maths at this hour ..
Can only see things with my eyes half close
I think I need more vitamin A
Blurryyyyy
  but weird loh they sell ginseng chicken rice instead of noodles, their expert mahhh :0
安第 雞絲河粉換米粉
  kenanga wholesale city 何清園 errr near time square but farther a bit one..
  go kwc find them loh.. :( but no more 雞絲河粉 for me :(
我要雞絲河粉 :(
原來食堂的雞絲河粉檔安哥安第跑去KWC FOOD COURT 賣 人參雞 了  TT
RT : Chinese New Year can eat more belacan kangkung. Thank you  &lt;3.
A period of bookkeeping class feels like forever :l
Hmmm so Edifier headphone is not as good as original Samsung's :l
Nonstop argument since I got home
我會不會很不習慣跟班一起站呢
大便.
多希望你能夠像別人的爸爸媽媽一樣
查我手機啊 我沒有做怕什麼
Why bother to ask when you don't believe in me at all ?!
繼續懷疑你女兒啦 反正我說什麼你也不會相信
豬扒鈑 :D
每個人都像無臉男， 等待著他的千尋. 
": That awkward moment when you're running and your boobs are bouncing.... And you're a guy." HAHAHAAHAH OHH MY BELLY HURTS :DD
  失鼻涕過多而死  :D
I'm so gonna miss you little boy in little Kancil :)
Too bad the car drove to somewhere else..   :(
Waving to a cute little boy through bus window :)
Asian Dolce Latte :)
圍巾的圍法 HAHHAHAHHHHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHA 我要笑死了 :D 
How my life would be without tissue TT
Morning allergyyyyy
  看自己的嗎 不是咩 :0
   oldest recruit haha :D
Dear monitor why are you so annoying?
  as I told you :) I keep promises ..
RT : The 3 C's in life: Choice, Chance, Change. You must make the Choice, to take the Chance, if you want anything in life t…
  童軍..
This time, I'm not gonna follow what my mum says, this is MY CHOICE.
Hope I won't regret my decision :l
Have just chosen society
LOL Pewds steals his neighbor's WiFi to upload vids hahaha, I would be proud if he steals mine xD
 嗨！ :D
百感交集
心裡那個坑應該用一百個chocotop都補不回
你所謂的擔心也不過是在我身上纏上一道又一道的枷鎖
再喜歡學會又怎樣?  你一句不我爬得多高中途付出多少努力我都得放棄 你從來不懂把手松開那種痛 沒有回報的事做多少都是錯 你不曾想過我的感受 你不知道幫了人那種開心 你不知道我成長了多少 在你眼裡只有成績 沒有成績就是不長進 你永遠不知道我多麼希望你能像別人的父母一樣支持我
": 倪子杰为何我高二才遇见你"  數學應該可以破個位數了 :D
  listen to your heart bahh.. :) Do what makes you happy
Oh yeah. Time to choose society :0
  okayyyy :) ehhh stay next year ehhhh :(
 u better mean it lahhh
  this year :) then will you stay ? TT
  ehhhh don I come ur society weihhhhh
  帶外國佬回來給我 :3
  跟你打招呼啦 去到不要回來了啦啦啦啦啦
  定洲哥哥好! :D
And I still don't like it for no reason :l
This school bus doesn't change much
Sneeze too hard. Now my nose and throat hurt really bad urgh
I don't really like when it rains while I'm sleeping, it keeps me awake..
": Sigh"
Lower than down :l
Why you never listen to me :l
This teacher is boringgggggggggf
  I dono the name if this game hehe.. and one LASER GUN and what what MACHINE GUN one :D
AND HARVEST MOON TOO !! Awwwww 
Four bus tickets in a dayyyyy
Gonna stay up all night wasting tissues..
No ones got your back, no ones always there, no one supports you in everything you do, its tiring.. so exhausting
I hope brother could care about me, but its the opposite
I wasnt this weak , I've never felt this strengthless before
I should have been used to it .. but what I just can't deal with it
But since when.. since when you became like this .. you don't even act like a man
Just like we used to be..
like seeing family holding hands walking together can even make me feel like shit .. or sad blah
Sometime I really envy those friends who have supportive parents... that can be friends with their kid ...
I dont even know what I'm thinking, just can't get it off my mind..
Nah, no way.
": I LOVE seeing old couples. It makes me realize someone can love you forever." ...... Will I get to see ..... :l
  diam lahhh you
  ENVYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
  Ini you lahh I only miss the sun when it starts to snow.. Malaysia dont snow at all xD
  一样啦 我不要高二 TT 心智初二都不懂有没有 .______.
   拿着扇子的大眼龙 :D
  soooo nice ahhh  And that LET HER GO   :D
  哇 小孩子有什么不好 那个晓萱姐姐不要18岁叻 xD
  你现在再不睡晚上就不舒服到你睡不着了，不听话的小孩.
  ohh.... 等他长咯没有办法 不要紧很多人陪你中剪 xD 不要难过啦.. :)
  有分别咩 很好看啦 :)
  去睡觉啦 还tweet :0
Old but I'm not that old 
Young but I'm not that bold
哼歌曲 走音哪管 這刻已無價
Tallest among the girls, again :D
  加油啦 :)
#myhandwritingsucks 
  哇
Literally forgot how to wear school skirt xD
Still up...
": 今晚不想睡" 明天不想開學.
  可是瑞凡 我是可瑜啊啊啊啊啊啊啊啊啊啊啊啊啊
我突然忘記自己什麼班了 信還是義啊?
  上多幾天課你就懂了 xD
My phone takes forever to notify and load a new massage :l
由於明天開學 我決定今晚不睡覺 以示慶祝 這是一句因果複句
  去!睡!覺! 喝!多!一!點!水! 要!開!學!了!不!要!生!病!
  i watch game playthrough only... :l
Walking Dead episode! :D
  哼！
  TT 不要跟你好鳥
  COME WE FIGHT .
  yer I don wanna tweet anymore then...
...
  yi zhang wu kuai :D
Met ma doggie  before having dinner, almost threw up :l
": 2013 is really a year filled with lessons and pains."  I've learnt to endure the pain. :)
  yea, Fuck those shits, and those persons :l
