 看来你可能有红豆吃 xp
Brain storming .......  ..
 因为你是little girl :)
 well look at the bright side you have fun so yeah !!! Yeay :)
 :) not bad hahahahaahaha sure famous dy
 told you so xp
Helping my cousin before I leave ;) #valentino 
 hahahahaha u pro dancer la ;) (believe it)
 ;) apa yang dapat dimalukan -hehehehee
 must take number izit? Hahahaha go take la
 opppsss when is ur turn? ^^ to dance
 when is turn? ^^
 woah hahahaha nicenya
 where is this dance performance :)
Coincidently same colour ;) #myshoe #myslipper 
 sabah indoor climbing centre :)
Training in progress ....... 
RT : No tickets? Don't worry. We'll be selling them at the door from 4pm onwards. See you later! 
 hahahaha you gotta bulk it up girl :)
 woooiiih I also wanna laugh xp
Are you READY???
 yup hahahahaha
 got but quality x so good cant remember how much but its expensive if you just need a bit just buy a glow stick ;)
 not hard just not selling in malaysia hahahaha have to import ^^ but very expensive
True gold digger !!! 
Puss in boot's #shoppingaftercny #drmartens #checklist done 
Hockey jersey #done
Seeing your own work put in display for a show #priceless
Hello babies (worstmovie in 2014)
Foot messaging #pampering life 
RT : There are times when God wants to use you in someone else's life; it may not be pretty or comfortable, but they need to see Je…
Pokemon Ruby on ma phone #antisocial
  time to say goodbye xp
  hahaha why? I can sing this song n hit the note xp
  O que quere dicir
RT : Would you like a raisin? No? How about a date? Join us this Sat 5pm. You’re invited! 
  hahahaha okay
   399
 ini la dia :) bought it cause there's sale's hehehehe 
 luar makan ;)
 tunggu I kat luar :)
Got myself a pair of Dr.Martens ;)
新年一个星期吃的食物两天腹泻一半没了 #好事
 咖啡王子 xp
From Vegas to Macau
Kesian Dwight !!!!! Hahaha
  she blend her drink out from grass xp
 去吧你!!! ^^ 厕所不远
 想上厕所的时候 xp
 air water proof xp
Life guard for a night ;) 
Star gazing at the beach 
 tq for helping me to promote xp
 fuyoooh abs sooon ;)
 hahahahahaha u do leg day arh xp
Call / DM / WA / LINE /Viber me maybe :) 
 sleep early la doink xp
马到成功 
Tea-time #polo bun 
I think I am getting it #harmonica
   新年到 xp 
 iknow xp thats why I say " have fun " hehehe
 have fun in school (:
 hahahaha oh well its not meant for us to be ;)
My cousin prove that tooth fairy never existed cause his tooth haven turn into $$$ 
 getting fat not nice hahahaa eating good food nice xp have fun dancing ;)
 9feb not so soon ^^ gonna miss valentines and thats goid cause I am round in shape now xp
 nope I am at seafood restaurant ^^
Cant be miss !!!! Sedap hingga menjilat jari 
Ooooh Robocop is made from China #true chinese technology/ manufacturer
 ok what haha
Rococop
Superbowl half time #impress
  this is 5footway.inn arh?
有好的厕所用就有好的开始 :)
 shhhhhhhhhhhhhh police kata jangan :)
 no no (when I start talking sure will hurt ppl feeling accidentally ) so better be quiet hahha ;)
 I seee hahaha goodnight (dun wanna spoil ur day) sweet dream ^^
 are you high on something hahahahaa
 what goodie bag you gotten? (Wednesday got school :000 )
 wont la cause the caterpillar walk on not being force so I think okay 1 :)
 my father^^ no wor maybe he boh rasa
Kadasan mix Chinese drum beat #nice
Stars , fireworks and some lion dancing  #chor4 
 hahahaha one more step away ;)
 ooooh finally hahaha how about the red wooden plank?
I see insects as pokemon #caterpillar 
Tea-time 
 yes you do hahahahaha 马上变北京熊
Aint no sunny today 
Take a sad song and make it better ;)
Coffee on the mountain top. #sejuk
 Selamat pagi choong :)
在星光下放红明灯, 祝福马上到。。。。 
妹妹笑咪咪过初三 
Hahahaahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahaahabahahahaha hahaahhaahahahahahaahahahahhaha hahaahhaahahhahahahaahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahah
  more than 10stars but only can capture two so sad laaa wanna share but cant hahahaha
So much of the note2 camera quality
Star gazing the eye has better quality  
 can say so hahaha its my grandma house n I am sleeping in the living room xp
 stars are very shy from the camera so yeah moon saje ada :) 
 ngawwwwwww :)
 hahahahaaha share to the world your glorious moment ;)
 instagram it xp
Sky high #nw
We are all enslaved in this shity life.If this generation couldn't find a solution.There will not be real fun anymore 
Bercerita!!!!! Bergembira !!! Catching fishes in the river...#citygirls meet #kampunglife. 
 carefull weih if the ice break  u is no swim
 kena ada camera canggih only can take oooh
Sleeping with the view of the star's #goodnight #lifeinthemountain
 you will be Forever 21  xp
 龙马精神 啊? Hahaha
Chevron has everything to say about!!! 
 that calendar sure spoil dy 1
The rose among the thorns !!! She's the only girl #amat kesian 
RT : RT  I got own at my league! My grandma fart infront of me literally infront T.T. FART ROBOT APPROVES.
I got own at my league! My grandma fart infront of me literally infront T.T
猪解到了 
 你等我有人要先 hahahaaha 还没结婚要给都不能 xp
Shes having conversation with the tv xp 
She wanna be a bus driver !!! 
16year old cousin pee on his pant while gambling! #overexcited
 hahahhaahaha 倒霉咯。一路走好 恭喜发财 xp
 fuyoooh 你妈最好 ;) 谢咯
 我的心已经到了 :) (Gong xi fatt cai)-to your mum
   那我"少"给你吃 xp
   扫猪肉可以
   我怕不吃会变fat 新年吃多会变fit xp huat arh
   ah mop 新年不要 抹地 xp
   我新年每天都在吃喝玩乐 :(
哦原来如此!
 young but more mature ;)
龙龙龙强 
Now it make sense 
 we fail :(
     :( 我们给不了她安全感 , 我失败了
Such negative side of the social media
@longhairmango hahaha kelian 等神来救我们
@longhairmango 我没人要 xp
@longhairmango 我等你的红包哦 快点结婚
@longhairmango 年初一万岁 ;)
 Happy CNY to you too :)))) don't gamble sampai habis xp
 hahaha if got enough I bagi xp now all haven masak :)
The Karate Kid real class movie ;)
Lepak at uncle's barn 
While other's go to the market for avocado, I can just simply pluck it off a tree :)))) 
我妈把财神打到家里- her own new song
My grandma tv is better bigger and nicer :(
Fresh air Great view flower bloom well here......#kampungflower 
Off to the mountains
 my bro 33 idk how he has the patience to do so :0
Gong Hei Fatt Choy 
 my high score 3 only :)
 I was busy eating hahahha
Its for the pleasure of spending time with the cousin's
 I wanna watch it too :(
  gone after 10min on the table
Early birds get to eat first ;) 
Lao Sang for 20 
No Crispy roll :(
I don't wanna survive,  I wanna live!  #nw wall- E
In the land below the wind !
我怕等下的祝福太多,您会不在意我的问候;
我怕初—的aunty太吵,您会听不到我的祝福;
我怕初二的烟花asap太臭,您会看不见我的短信;
所以.我选择现在给您送来祝福,
祝您和您的家人幸福、安康万事顺意身体健康马到成功马年特发
So much of an early bird
I must embarrassed my brother ...MUST  
Supper eat 生肉面!!! 
Back to where it all started
Hahahahahaha 
Plane has technical problems :) thanks for sharing
Flying mode on.
Wanna try this if there's a chance xp 
 聪明 ;)
 看电视
 well u have an unused note 2 xp spray gold and la xp
 :0 classssd
  k.s near ny haha wait till it pee in the car xp
We come into your presence with singing, come into your presence with praise. Enter your gate with thankful heart we are gonna celebrate.
 pink colour?  Hahaha
Got my love letters ;) 
 saren"s mum my neighbour hehehe
Using the plane wc to pangsai is the most comfortable yet evil thing to do
Every chinese new year my dog will be emo because he knows we will be going back to our hometown and cant be social with other dogs hahaahah
   connor franta xp
 I drank franta at starbuck xp
    ur father bo jio you xp 
My name is andrew !!! 
Got my free drink hehehee 
Paul Junior Design chopper is the iconic of future classic choppers
     true accountant know his stuff :)
  rbs its like ns but the weather will be super chill
Its like sunway lagoon still cant explain whats happening
 not my bill hahahaha I dun know whats happening
Let the jam begin at the first roundabout in kk #malas
 hahahahaa chander wanna bath
 preparing to flood a place xp
 its either they wrote it wrongly or I am gonna open a water park in kk :) (not my bill)
     well its not mine so I am not worrying hahahaha
 hahaha 
Gong xi fa cai ....... 
 hahahah throw some snack at them so they will be obedient xp
