John Legend - All of Me 哇哦果然是写给他老婆的歌 
John legend这歌写给他老婆的么？很赞啊！ #JonathanRossShow
24原来不是电影啊，而是剧情在四年后伦敦发生的故事，不像之前的24集，这次是12集
Danny Boyle的Babylon好像很不错，而且是channel 4的...
感冒最讨厌的地方就是鼻涕，怎么可以这么多？！没完没了
之前看一本书上的一段话印象很深刻，大意如此：“你有感受过子弹穿胃的感觉吗？没有？我也是，但是XXX对我讲时我的感觉就是如此”。

子弹穿胃我个人希望一辈子也不要经历，但有时候有些作者笔下的冲击，好像刀刺在胸膛，很难受
如果说男女参赛选手的比例是50：50的话，那只有一位女评委、三位男评委，赶脚女评委的优势会大一些 #TheVoiceUK
RT : Who knew? #NYFW #VBAW14 x vb 
"Give your friend a hand, so he doesn't have to use his" 这样的slogan不怕都变gay？ #mormon
这一路看Dallas buyers club笑话、没有投资的人，现在应该很扼腕吧。从80年代就准备开拍，可惜愿意承担风险的人不多
Matthew McConaughey以前给人印象就是绯闻、身材这些，很明显跟了他老婆之后，作品各方面完全很大转变，他的访谈就觉得这是一个清楚自己在干嘛的男人
RT : #Instafax: What kind of map do salmon use to migrate across the ocean?  
RT : Every WTF Moment From The Sochi Olympic Opening Ceremony 
James blunt太好笑了，他的音乐再烂，但怎么可能抗拒有幽默感的男人，好难哦，决定fo了
Julianne Moore加入了英国国籍啊，well双重国籍，她妈是苏格兰人，不错，这样方便很多
RT : Then your dog should try harder. RT :  my dog could do better!!!!!
RT : Sorry. Wrong hole. RT : James Blunt makes my ears bleed
RT : Do I have to? I'm more of a finish &amp; roll over kinda guy. RT :  sing me to sleep :$
RT : Yet so many people bought it, bought it. RT : That James Blunt song is utterly horrific, horrific.
看得想念伦敦奥运开幕式，主要是音乐，真不是自夸，就不是一个档次的 #Sochi2014
Tron legacy这段音乐早就被用烂了，广告影视哪里都有 #Sochi2014
Tron legacy！ #Sochi2014
RT : It’s the jelly fish of peace. #sochi2014 
普京旁边是他女儿？ #Sochi2014
So it's opening ceremony now? #Sochi2014
所以宇多田光是嫁了意籍酒保，而不是日籍画家，而且酒保还是即将毕业的大学生哎，赞！
手机的google map app和电脑的给出两种不同路线，well...
RT : 18 Marines to lay 1,000 sand bags along 2km stretch in Somerset tonight 
RT : Look Back in Wonder... My 1st picture of Earth from the surface of Mars. Info:  http://t.co/xWOJdM…
RT : I always carry a photo of me and Bono, so when the poor come for me, I can prove I know a guy who does #Africa stuff: ht…
邓文迪跟Eric Schmidt也有一腿？还很庆幸自己没跟他在一起。跟默多克争吵中有让他受伤，对默常用脏字。
RT : Vanity Fair: Wendi Deng committed elder abuse against ex-husband Rupert Murdoch, sending him to the emergency room. http://t.co…
RT : Thank you for this lovely gift . We will let you know how it goes. 
 前仨
RT : Central London - Park Lane after various collisions, broken downs and extra #tubestrike traffic very slow both ways htt…
Liz Hurley&amp;Bill Clinton、邓文迪&amp;Tony Blair这两对看似没有联系其实还是有点。Hurley曾经男友是Hugh Grant，Grant目前两个孩子的母亲是中国女演员Tinglan Hong，邓文迪出生在中国。所以共同点就是中国。
可惜Country Music实在是听不下去...
RT : Thursday's front page:Hurley on Clinton: 'I did not have sexual relations with that President'  http…
好想看Her啊
HELL YEAH！最后一张The Grand Budapest Hotel preview的票被我抢到了，我要比你们这些LOSERS早看到这部电影！
BFI Southbank在搞一个两周的冯小刚电影展(Feng Xiaogang: Spectacular China)，总共五部电影上映：手机、集结号、非诚勿扰、唐山大地震、1942。冯导21号有个本人出席的座谈会。

//唔，这五部没有一部有兴趣的...
我觉得这部电影各个方面都有涉及，比如公民vs权威、同性恋的歧视、毒品、药物、不安全性行为...当然也有不少笑点就是了。因为是南方嘛，所以牛仔靴子帽子这些都少不了，我个人很喜欢啦！虽然Jared Leto真的很像Olsen Twins，但演技超赞 #DallasBuyersClub
懂了为啥Jared Leto获得金球奖最佳男配角，他跟Matthew McConaughey在Dallas Buyers Club里面的演技？！！！两个人瘦得，我·的·老·天！不晓得这两个大男人是怎样减肥到恐怖的地步
Sex drugs alcohol #DallasBuyersClub
Dallas buyers club @ bfi southbank
风好大！ 
RT : She did not have sexual relations with this man 
RT : Dear those few London Underground workers who actually bothered to turn up to work today, your Queen loves you. #TubeStrike
But not Ryan, who is 'introverted - very serious and a total homebody'.

//fuck! I don't believe this shit!
从来没想到布莱尔的身材竟然是重点，几辈子都不会注意到的点。不过身边有个80多岁的默多克，估计见谁都赶脚身材不错吧。文迪才40多岁，请不要太苛刻～
RT : 'Love note' from Wendi Deng about Tony Blair published, praising his body, power and piercing blue eyes http://t.co/r6DZ…
有点解释了为啥Ronan farrow给人一种怪怪的感觉，就觉得很空壳、好像被操纵一样 
Mia farrow得多恨woody allen啊，她在跟woody同居期间还跟前夫frank sinatra生下ronan，只不过后来woody跟了她的韩裔养女。这女人很麻烦啊，manipulation的这种最恐怖！
RT : Dylan Farrow's brother Moses: 'Of course Woody did not molest my sister' 
河南安阳高尔夫滑雪场发生坍塌 多名游客坠落

//到底是高尔夫还是滑雪场啊
RT : 'Hard-working American' in Obama campaign ad actually a London commuter on the Overground  http://t.co…
RT : Who's really behind the Teletubbies? 
RT : Ludicrously silly stories about me &amp; Bill Clinton. Totally untrue. In the hands of my lawyers. Yawn.
RT : PRIVATE EYE: Environment minister visits Somerset #tomorrowspaperstoday 
bill clinton &amp; elizabeth hurley这陈年旧情也被翻出来了，有够八竿子打不着的赶脚
RT : 'I was Philip Seymour Hoffman's gay lover and I saw him freebasing cocaine the night before he died' says friend http://t.…
RT : "Elizabeth Hurley had 'year long affair with President Clinton - flying to White House for secret sex'" http://t.co/wHtR…
RT : Wendi Deng Murdoch’s on Tony Blair: “He Has Such Good Body"  
RT : This week - She's 78, He's 39: Age Gap Love

Next week - She's 15, He's 50: The Bill Roache Story
RT : Life of Kanye 
电影Magnolia里的“青蛙雨”是怎么拍的，也太多了吧，还都是活青蛙
Magnolia这片让人想起Crash这部电影，都是零碎的故事但有连接在一起。里面Tom Cruise的表演应该是见过最好的了
RT : Waitrose appear to be going for the hard sell on their spiced king prawn noodle salad... 
RT : Oi, , this means war!  #weeklywipe
看不懂可口可乐 #AmericaIsBeautiful 广告争议点在哪儿
RT : Oh dear, Raymond Blanc's rather put his foot in his mouth. Great letter in tomorrow's  
RT : The real taste of Italian dining 
RT : Storms could bring travel chaos to the UK this week, forecasters have warned  
RT : So did Adam and Eve's kids fuck each other or what?
RT : Typical politician tactic: softly spoken, not answering the question then slightly pained 'as I've already said...'
据说Looking的9个编剧里，7个是男同，只有一个女人，well...
Looking这片里面的男生基本就一个字：弯！弯！弯！弯！弯！没有一个是给人直男的印象，怀疑演员现实生活中也真都是弯的。但Girls的话，就4个异性恋女生，好像没有这种喜剧又没什么实质内容的题材是讲女同的，或者女双性恋也行
RT : Tuesday's Sun front page - "Out of Order! Order! "#tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers 
RT : Because nothing says true love like getting married at a Bacon Festival:  
RT : "If you died the world would blur. I wouldn't know what a tree was." -Adam #GIRLS #GIRLS3
RT : Jose Mourinho is still the special one.
RT : Ah, got it. Thanks. &gt; RT   USA is the world every one wants to come here to live.
RT : How can #SeattleSeahawks be 'World Champions' when no other country enters? Like the 'World Series' - utterly ridiculous. …
天哪，切尔西！
RT : Mourinho's now screaming at his defence to play 19th century football MCFCvCFC
不晓得穆叔每次站在球场边对裁判判决有疑议时大吼大叫用得什么语言？葡语？西语还是英语？
终于！ #ivanovic
RT : Is this one of the most dangerous selfies ever taken?  
切尔西啊！
还是小牛肉好吃！
记得老版Robocop里主角是在出任务时被伤到不行，才给改造成机器人，这新版看上去像是开车门时被炸得？
twitter这改版得......
RT : For those of you considering Buddhism just know I could kick his fat ass.
RT : 'About 50 bags of heroin' found in Philip Seymour Hoffman's apartment 
RT : Who wants a male pill? 
宇多田光要再婚了哦，不是一直跟一位日裔住在伦敦么，新郎是意大利人这....意大利日裔？
看小说最烦的就是比如看中一位作者的写作风格，然后就去挖他/她之前的作品系列，都看完了就还觉得不过瘾，因为想知道每个主角的后续发展，再看看新书出版的日子，只能默默又回去把前面几本再翻着看N遍，用来缓解等待新书的捉急
loose lips sink ships
 39%多的股份
RT : Separated at birth 
Sarcastic rugby #SuperBowl
RT : With all the ads and songs the SuperBowl = world's most expensive variety sketch show, intercut with stormtroopers pla…
RT : The US National Chicken Council estimates 1.25bn chicken wings will be consumed during #SuperBowlSunday 
问题是看NFL再看橄榄球的话，不会觉得前者还蛮娘炮的么
RT : My favourite Philip Seymour Hoffman role was the extraordinary Gust Avrakotos in Charlie Wilson’s War.
为什么sky sports在转播的fox sports在直播fox news的bill o'reilly对obama的访谈 #SuperBowl
RT : #WeAreWithYouJustin The cops may take your eggs, but they'll never get the one I'm saving for you in my uterus.
RT : Candy Crush is a good name for a stripper.
为什么Ronan Farrow长得很帅，但一讲话就觉得“啊、douche”的赶脚呢？因为对他妈偏见太大？
美式足球、橄榄球，棒球、板球，永远不懂的四大谜。
所以昨天Philip Seymour Hoffman经纪人刚刚辟谣他的假死亡消息，今天他就去世了 #RIPPhilipSeymourHoffman
RT : Update: Body of Philip Seymour Hoffman found with syringe in his arm, bags believed to contain heroin also found - @NBCNe…
RT : Man that's fucking sad. Stay off the brown, kids.
RT : BREAKING: Philip Seymour Hoffman had kicked the habit 23 years ago, but started messing with heroin again last year.
RT : I like Baidu translate a lot, but this is brilliant:  
RT : Law enforcement official: Actor wa found in the bathroom of 4th floor apartment with a needle in his arm. @wsj
RT : BREAKING: Philip Seymour Hoffman -- An apparent drug overdose inside a Greenwich Village home on Sunday, cops saying.
The Hunger Games现在正在拍唉，才46岁。RIP #PhilipSeymourHoffman
RT : WSJ tweeted about death of Philip Seymour Hoffman at 6.20. Wikipedia updated at 6.23. Way to go, internet freaks.
RT : Now confirmed by NYPD apparently. Fuck.
RT : Very conflicted reports. Lots of places running story based on one story on Wall Street journal. Really hope it's not true.
Whattttt???!!!!Philip Seymour Hoffman真的死了？？？
RT : Breaking: Actor Philip Seymour Hoffman found dead in Manhattan apartment. According to 
今年是channel 4拿了Super Bowl的版权，之前一直是BBC，不过sky sports貌似直接转fox台(?)，以及有pre game show
RT : God bless porchetta and @adamperrylang #pigskin 
明晚十点BBC Four Mad Dog: Gaddafi's Secret World 
RT : Bad day to google superb owls.
喉咙痛时吃颗Strepsils Lozenge好舒服！
RT : This is a really interesting piece, offering another perspective on the Woody Allen allegations (via )
http://t…
RT : The internet was designed to be free and open. Is that still the case?  
Una mattina - Ludovico Einaudi tramonto HD ❤️ 
Earth, Wind &amp; Fire - Boogie Wonderland ❤️ 
EARTH WIND &amp; FIRE - Fantasy ❤️ 
Earth, Wind &amp; Fire - September ❤️ 
竟然要有Taken 3？！
Lady gaga 10月23日伦敦O2，终于等到了！不过竟然才一场...
Magnolia #fannyflower #lmaf #jonathanrossshow
RT : Dylan Farrow speaks out fully for the first time about sexual abuse she says she endured and the toll on her: http://t.co/…
Fuck！Little Miss Sunshine里竟然还有Dean Norris aka Hank Schrader，他饰演把主角一家车停下检查的那个警察，当时车里有爷爷的尸体，警察只顾着那几本色情杂志，根本没注意到尸体这回事儿
竟然在Little Miss Sunshine里看到Bryan Cranston，有趣的是电影里主角一家是住在Albuquerque，well well well...
这根本就是过气、不出名实力派歌手的舞台啊 #thevoiceuk
这女的好像亚裔混血啊 #TheVoiceUK
如果可以的话，真希望不需要吃也不需要喝、睡，一直看书就好了
Apple - iPad Air - TV Ad - Your Verse//还是喜欢这个90秒的版本  
RT : Just paid 30p to have a wee at a train station. Out of principle I tried to hold it in but my train was an hours wait s…
RT : Don't care how much I'm bursting, I refuse to pay 20p to have a wee at a train station. #principle
RT : OH MY GOD!.... I'm such a retard, out for lunch &amp; I pop to the toilet and notice I have odd shoes on!! http://t.co/AaoOHz3…
Bruno Mars - Marry You//这真是一首求婚的好歌  
虽然蛮喜欢她的一些作品，但这次奥斯卡最佳女主角应该是Cate Blanchett 
Jonathan Groff前男友是Zachary Quinto？！！竟然真的是男同...
RT : Conservative MP's bill to give voters a referendum on UK membership of EU has officially failed in the House of Lords whe…
RT : True fact: there’s a 50% chance I’m masturbating while listening to your prayers. #sorrynotsorry
RT : Dan Evans says he hacked phone of Kate Moss while at Sunday Mirror, picked up Daniel Craig saying "I love you I love u …
人现在住在西雅图偷着乐吧，毕竟没引渡条约，也就正好碰到意大利这种奇怪的国家。可惜她的“朋友”尸体被发现时，半裸、割喉，有被性侵，凶手是永远也不知道了 #amandaknox
Amanda Knox这个人的感官很差，她除了改证词，还诬陷她老板，老板还被冤枉的关了两周监狱，这一点就觉得很奇怪了。死前出本书吧，承认下你们当时到底在干吗
任何家庭的噩梦吧，女儿在国外上学被杀，却还不知道凶手是谁、到底怎么死的 #AmandaKnox
 天哪...
Jim Cantore Gets College Kid in the Groin//笑死！凶残！ 
RT : Sometimes you have a poo that’s just so damned good you want the whole world to know it.
 god...terrible tragedy
Balthazar getty在经历过跟sienna miller这么公开的外遇后，还能得到老婆的原谅，这大概就是“真爱”了吧
Amanda Knox应该是连欧洲都不会再来了，好不容易逃出意大利
RT : #1: Happy Chinese New Year, or as we will all be saying in 20 years... Happy New Year.
RT : 春運好髒　垃圾多到難走動 // WTF...  
能想像头发被手扶梯缠住，然后头皮被扯开么.....
加拿大Montreal一女的早上乘地铁上手扶梯时，围巾被绞进去，她弯腰去弄时头发被缠住，然后她就死了.......好可怕
RT : Woman dies after her scarf tangles in Montreal escalator 
台湾观光广告打得好凶，可惜都没直飞的，再凶也不爽啊
Sodastream原来是以色列的公司...
RT : Love me a piano... 
Amy Adams在Trouble with the Curve里的表演可能是她所有角色里最喜欢的，和Clint Eastwood的对手戏都很精彩，这片懂棒球的话应该更能看出门道的感觉
RT : Man dies jumping from bridge over the M1. A motorist who went to help was also killed, struck by another vehicle http://t.co/t…
RT : Man has a narrow escape after car ploughs into his kitchen at 30mph  (Pic: Masons) http://t.co/tzJ…
又看了一遍，还是鸡皮疙瘩！
Amazing what the heck was that?!!!
RT : This is pretty lovely… two girls on a trip when THIS happens… 
RT : Never tell a woman she has voluptuous legs. You will not get laid.
RT : 'Vomit cruise' returns to port in New Jersey with more than 600 passengers taken ill  http://t.co/a75HWA…
Hugh Grant最近爆出的非婚子其实按排名是他第二个孩子，第一个孩子是跟中国女友，第二个是瑞典电视制作人，第三个孩子还是跟中国女友，而且二子和三子的出生只差三个月，所以标题才这么狠 
RT : Ask yourself this, do you want a man wearing sunglasses indoors at 22:08 to win? No, you do not.
What???冠军战是dappy和jim之争？唉，估计jim要赢了 #cbb
我希望Ollie Locke赢，他的行为和性格挺好的，外表更是A+，但总觉得他应该爱男人多一些 #cbb
RT : So that’s where they come from! 
RT : Congressman Grimm destroys his career by threatening reporter in front of a camera. Doh! What a guy. http://t.co/RbHrCEe…
RT : Be funny if Jim Davidson gets back to his dressing room after tonight's #CBB final and discovers his wallet has been robbed.
RT : Lead by example. 
RT : The White House says it will respond to the petition to have @JustinBieber deported  http://t.co/TOpelW…
Asians are commenting that Lowe may be the first “nerdy Asian guy” to date a female celebrity. //其实她男友外型更像女同志....=_=
Lorde的男友倒看不太出来比她大八岁的样子，很像华裔哎，香港人的感觉很重...
Lorde真不像17岁的女生，当然新西兰长大、妈妈是诗人、从小的大量阅读，这都跟市面上普通的pop star不一样
如果男同志假如跟女生有关系的话，这叫做“回去”(go back)，但并不是bi哦 #ModernFamily
RT : I have seen the future of newspapers: 
好久没看过这么难看的电影了，jack ryan是一部。不晓得是不是书会好一些
 good luck!
Liam neeson的non-stop这片竟然虚构于纽约飞伦敦的航班....
  天哪，警钟！
约克那个女生，竟然是跟一堆朋友过桥时掉河里失踪的，可见当时喝醉的程度，这群人也没发现她走着走着消失了
MAKE. ME. RICH！
RT : 德国奶牛放屁导致甲烷超标爆炸: 德国某农场的奶牛牛舍因冬季通风不良，导致牛屁带来的甲烷气室内含量过高而爆炸。 
