1月64家上市公司重要股东增持 涉及金额逾41亿元 
Convergence Training Offers Expanded Language Options for Industrial… 
Yosemite Celebrates 150 Year Anniversary with Twin Valleys Art… 
EZLynx Creates Innovative Communications Between Carriers and Agents… 
NRMA Insurance Reveal Safest and Riskiest Times for Car Travel 
Bruce H. Callander of Sweet and Baker Insurance Brokers, Inc. Earns… 
Deadbolt Security, No Drilling Required – Introducing the Lockey… 
SPS North America Hires New Solutions Executive Nicole Mangarella 
Forex Nitty Gritty: Review Examining Bill Poulos’ Trading Program… 
HealthPostures Sends Top Executives to MNPTAC Government Sales… 
FluidX Introduces New Vacuum Pump Oil  &amp; VacOil… 
Costimator® Cost Estimating Software Integrates Calculated… 
Christie’s “Solutions That Rock” Audio-Video Technology Show Stops in… 
OEM Installs its Second Tru3D Piston Pin Circlip Inspection Solution 
U.S. Security Associates Commends Officer Heroes of 2013 
 Announces the Addition of Thibiant Beverly Hills 
Tannenbaum Helpern Launches Video Blog, HRMinute 
With The Driver Shortage Looming, Stay Metrics Offers Proven Way To… 
Call for Articles for ’s Excellence Essentials ePublications 
Vubiz Elearning Provides Unions Online Training 
EPMA to Exhibit and Host 5 Sessions at Microsoft Project Conference… 
TRC Global Solutions Offers 15 Steps for a Stress-less Relocation for… 
Steve Repak, CFP® and Tony Steuer, CLU, LA, CPFFE to Be Honored… 
Data Facts, Inc. Announces Celebration of 25 Years in Business 
PremierPoint Solutions Introduces New Course: “InfoPath and SharePoint… 
Movistar launches Tech Support service in Spain, in collaboration with… 
St. Louis Physician Alliance Moves Toward Clinical Integration 
Dr. Myles Rubin Samotin, Foot and Ankle Surgeon, Celebrates 17 Years… 
Kidney Cancer Association Simplifies Access to the CONNECT Registry 
Atlanta Plastic Surgeon Dr. Mark Deutsch To Begin Offering Juvederm… 
Announcing the Release of InstantGMP QSR, a Manufacturing Execution… 
金管會主委 測試ATM運作 
张作霖一生认过40多个干爹干妈 有高官有穷妇 
港媒关注“返乡大军”：高铁助力春运 港人回家近了 
桃機大霧12航班轉降 馬專機也延遲 
中使馆提醒马尔代夫中国游客注意水上活动安全 
巴西中央银行发行首套世界杯纪念币 
南京除夕见闻 街头空旷大雾弥漫 
桃機大霧 12航班轉降 
最佳代言人 陳盛沺娛樂員工 
屬羊處女座 最具頭彩相 
推匈牙利文化 藝術外交打前鋒 
北京新春音乐会迎十周年庆典 奉上“民歌春晚” 
战史今日1月30日：李宗仁逝世(图) 
日迫降中國戰機？ 環時：心理戰 
海军出版社向国家海洋博物馆捐赠首批航海图书 
中国船舶业三大指标连续3年世界第一 任务仍艰巨 
馬返國發言 看好景氣回升 
中国书院教育文物展春节继续传递书院文化(图) 
话剧《自梳女》塑造特殊女性群像 
除夕白天溫暖舒適 日夜溫差大 
春節期間 國家公園不打烊 
百貨福袋送汽車 舞獅競技登場 
罕見暴風雪癱瘓美國南方 
香港春节期间团年饭酒楼旺 街市生意冷清（图） 
袁世凯两次参加乡试名落孙山 当官后奏请废除科举 
上海各大书店书香迎马年新春 
「藍虎鯨」成花蓮市區亮點 吸引遊客搶拍照 
鲁迅成名后被劝买田：田对我没用 有钱还是多买书好 
巨无霸反地雷车轻轻松松“破墙而出”(组图) 
民国的女子从军热：多人上书黎元洪要求上阵杀敌 
南非侨界送别阎清文 欢迎新副总领事 
嘉義市觀光微電影青春一加一瀏覽人次達三十萬 
“楹联书法展”在国家博物馆开幕(图) 
印度举办“鸣金收兵”庆祝仪式 国庆日活动正式结束 
香港人民币存款突破万亿大关 
评论：“春晚是什么”促使个人反思 
張德正無保請回 高院撤銷 
台媒称马英九2014年势将连闯七关“步步惊心” 
香港31888枚烟花将在年初二绽放夜空 
姚明女儿3岁身高超1.1米 网友:5岁超郭敬明(图) 
刘国梁：直通赛绝不任人唯亲 选人需要集体智慧 
Valentine’s Day Heart Jewelry and Heart Pendants Available at… 
Frazer Consultants Warns Consumers of New Funeral Home Email Scam 
Benjamin Marc Proudly Announces Addition of Managed Pay Per Click… 
Ten Top Search Engine Marketing Consultants in China Announced in… 
Ten Best Web Design Firms in Hong Kong Promoted in January 2014 by… 
Rankings of Best Web Development Companies in France Proclaimed by… 
 Announces Hanapin Marketing as the Sixth Top Enterprise… 
 Announces Net@Work as the Third Best Web Development… 
 Selects 352 Media Group as the Fifth Top Social Media… 
 Names Stanfy as the Fourth Top Android App… 
topseos.ru Issues January 2014 Rankings of Best Search Engine… 
Best Web Development Companies Listings in the Philippines Promoted by… 
 Declares Listings of Best 10 Web Development… 
 Announces Listings of Best 10 PPC Management Services in… 
 Discloses Listings of Best 30 ACH… 
Listings of Top Celebrity PR Firms Disclosed by  for… 
 Discloses Rankings of Top 30 Criminal Defense… 
Listings of Best PPC Optimization Firms Published by  for… 
Best Check Processing Companies Listings in Canada Published by… 
Best Affiliate Marketing Consultants Rankings in India Ranked by… 
Rankings of Best Website Audit Companies in Canada Named by… 
Best SEO Reseller Consultants Rankings Reported by  for… 
 Reveals January 2014 Ratings of Best Social Media… 
New Image Streaming for Bloggers – Get Unlimited Blog Images and… 
Former NFL Defensive Tackle Jovan Haye Discusses His Dyslexia and His… 
Car Accident Lawyer in Salt Lake City Advances Successful Road to… 
Roundup River Ranch Receives $1 Million Donation from Philanthropist… 
Design Space Modular Buildings Wins Contract for the New Stanford… 
One Call Alert Partners with the Invisible Disabilities Association 
ProcurePort Announces the Launch of a Reverse Auction Mobile… 
就在今夜 「央視春晚」中時電子報線上直播 
5米圓仔畫作笑嗨嗨 春遊花博得好康 
白鯧飆天價買氣大減年關近不少盤商腰斬五成降價求售 
台湾一项民调显示：六成岛内民众支持“张王会” 
十名大学生制作动画《礼物》 呼吁子女多陪父母 
台湾年货福州热销 
马年春节将近 福州手写春联热销 
纽约帝国大厦举行点灯仪式庆祝中国春节 
台湾一人气女模账号被盗 私密对话与私照泄露(图) 
看准酒庄投资回报率 中国买家“情迷”波尔多 
中国位列南非葡萄酒出口目的地国家第14位 
彩绘凯蒂猫、圆仔“站台” 台北猫空缆车运量大增 
马英九除夕全天行程满档 劳军祈福陪老妈吃年夜饭 
到台湾过年：格物、赏花、寻春茶（图） 
大陆配偶谈年俗：大陆年味比台湾更浓、更热闹 
“冰上王子”普鲁申科评价俄中运动员：冰场竞技成知音 
美丽冻人！斯洛伐克女模寒风中穿薄纱拍照 
急救医生陷人才荒：招聘难流失快 待遇低压力大 
北京上调7项社保待遇标准 最低工资提至1560元 
杭州市政府办公厅副主任被查 网络猎艳数百次(图) 
广西确诊首例人感染禽流感病例 福建人增至１１例 
环保部:春节不会出现大范围长时间空气重污染 
人民大学回应印刷厂“占用”拈花寺质疑 
中石化下属单位3名高管违反八项规定被处分 
安监总局长：不能谈GDP滔滔不绝谈安全知之甚少 
卫计委：定点生产配送甲亢救命药 
广西民警涉枪杀孕妇案被提起公诉 春节后开庭 
河南安监局原书记二审判无期 涉案6450万 
云南巧家爆炸案庭审:两被告向受害人磕头(图) 
记者见闻:“习大大套餐”成回乡年货 
韩正穿中山装出席团拜会(图) 
藏学专家：“格萨尔”研究最早始于明代 
台湾一官员贪污勒索豪赌被诉 50余人涉案 
广深沿江高速负责人称日亏百万 年初八欲封路 
英芭蕾舞者俄领馆前表演 抗议普京限制同性恋政策 
藏家谈”功甫帖”：曾告知买家有专家认为是伪作 
马英九：了解冲撞事件原因 避免类似事件重演 
“掌掴门”主角：拍李娜是亲昵 不信等她回复 
台媒：台湾社会热衷造神 柯文哲与扁马如出一辙 
东盟留学生欢度中国年 开心包饺子贴“福”字(图) 
国民党接班大战即将登场 朱立伦成最热门接班人选 
西班牙电视五台责任人就”不当节目”向华人道歉 
患癌刑警瞒病情工作17个月 吃66盒止疼片暴廋57斤 
杭州一官员网络猎艳数百次 开房频率高短则3天 
Cube in-a-Box® Announces 5 New Compact Office Desk Systems 
Promotion Of Mini DisplayPort 1.2 To HDMI 1.4b Adapters Launched By… 
Croatian Singing Sensation Marina Godanj Does A Breathtaking Rendition… 
AirBuds Launches Second Generation of the Most Comfortable Earbuds 
McCoy Sauna &amp; Steam is Now Helo Commercial 
US Made Peptides Offering Competitive Prices on Peptides Available… 
蔡英文：陈水扁建议自己“回锅”参选民进党主席 
13岁女孩身患11种疾病二十多名好心人接力献血 
孕妇补维生素 缺啥补啥更科学 
馬過境洛城 熱線層級高過以往 
台湾大埔案再生变量 被征收户委请律师提上诉 
中石化3人违反八项规定被通报 
台湾青年人患春节恐慌症 宁愿值班避风头不回家 
5家外航11家票代获批接入外国GDS 
江宜桦视察台湾春运 向工作人员道辛苦（图） 
独臂少年学游泳摆脱自卑心理 摘得亚运会两项冠军 
聯想砸29.1億美元 併摩托手機部門 
台当局微调高中历史课纲 “绿营”市长拒不执行 
农业部：H7N9致养禽业损失200亿 
台行政机构负责人给下属发福袋 样式精美内装10元 
16省份去年CPI涨幅超全国 
与蔡英文结盟如何分工？ 谢长廷：我辅选最和谐 
台湾水底十二生肖亮相 海马等代言马年（图） 
人大仍将自主招生 继续实施校长直通车和圆梦计划 
新加坡中位数实际工资收入去年增长4.6% 
Former Counselor, Reading Specialist Nancy Sneed Shares Family Poetry… 
FetchRx Pet Pharmacy Offers Auto-Reorder Program for Pet Medications 
Energize Nutrition Store Officially Opens 
Jack Uldrich, Global Futurist and Best-Selling Author, to Present… 
Beat Generals Review | Beat Generals Tutorials Helps Users Create… 
Gift Packs From Goat Milk Stuff Make Valentine’s Day Special for Her 
Collagen Serum from Sublime Beauty® Helps Aging Skin with… 
Becky McCray Returns to Tulsa to Keynote #SMTULSA Conference 2014 
Aeroflow Breastpumps Announces eCommerce Launch 
Nuanced Media Infographic Picked Up by  
Hope for the Warriors Announces 2014 Run For The Warriors Race… 
US Sports Camps and Nike Tennis Camps Adds New Camp Location in… 
Alltech Feed Survey Reports Slight Increase in Global Feed Production… 
Car Shipping is Affordable and Simple with A Across USA Offering… 
TCEB and Thai Airways International Have Jointly Embarked On the First… 
Kukeri Wines Launches 50 Cases of 100% Cabernet Sauvignon Offering… 
Calling All Couples with a New Baby; There’s Something You Need to… 
Allegheny General Hospital Introduces Minimally Invasive Robotic… 
“How To Sell To Women” a Live Virtual Training Event… 
 Broadens the Boundaries of Demographical Outreach 
Liberty University Invests New Funds Into Major Financial Aid Dollars… 
Real Estate Authority Rick Otton Schedules Sunshine Coast Seminar as… 
Combining PCI DSS 3.0 and ISO 27001 for a Single, Comprehensive… 
January 2014 Precision Aesthetics Surpasses the 50th Country from… 
10-Year-Old Already a Veteran At Helping LA’s Homeless 
Guns and Ammo Garage Announces Name Change to Gun Garage 
First Place Accolades Continue for Global Mobility Company 
Two Personal Injury Attorneys from Whitley Law Firm Included in List… 
Forrest Parker’s Book of Poetry to Be Featured at 2014 Texas Library… 
