RT : Ice cold vocab:
冰山 bīngshān iceberg
冰淇淋 bīngqílín ice cream
冰棒 bīngbàng popsicle
冰块 bīngkuài ice cube
冰球 bīngqiú ice hoc…
RT : 集中全部的精力感受伤痛，这是我仅存的真实。- I focus on the pain, the only thing that's real.
My soundtrack for the evening: Star Wars Symphony. Listen here: 
RT : Check out the newest episode of geekson! 
On snap, what have we here? 
I keep getting updates about jobs I should apply for in CA. Why am I living in MKE for another three years again?
Check out  to learn about Mandarin Companion's guided readers, and how to study them on Skritter! 
RT : Learning to play Magic the Gathering. The only game with more rules than game.
I've given myself 64 days to finish my thesis, and I've decided to write about the process on my blog. 64天00小時18分鐘31秒鐘
RT : Want more people to discover great study apps like Skritter and ? App Store reviews are deleted with each update,…
Heading back to Taiwan on April 28th. I can't wait!
@hackingchinese It was a great intro into language hacking and starting a deeper conversation about self-study. Great work 學弟！
@hackingchinese I know right! Why write "Chinese characters" and use up your character count when you can just type 漢字/汉字!
I was blown away to find out that Terry Waltz is a huge  fan. Working with amazing educators is what makes my job special and fun
Not married yet. Bring on the 紅包future extended family! #CNY2014
My 同學  was interviewed on ICRT radio. The interview was short but informative. Click here to 聽: 
RT : New article: Focusing on tone pairs to improve your Mandarin pronunciation: 
The fruit of my labors. Can't wait to eat it all week long! 
RT : 
RT : 
RT : 
RT : 
 totally works, at least on my stream. Nice!
Leaning to make 蘿蔔糕 from scratch! #ChineseNewYear prep. 
The in-laws &amp; I have started speaking a hybrid language known as "Mandonese" (普通話與粵語). I'm amazed at what our brains can do to communicate.
RT : The Story Behind Game Hit "Cards Against Humanity" 
RT : Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still.
不怕慢,就怕停
- Chinese Proverb
RT : A language learner’s guide to wuxia novels (new article in case you've missed it!):  #wuxia
RT : Productivity hints, tips, hacks and tricks for graduate students and professors | 
RT : 绝对不要让糟糕的一天变成倒霉的一生。
Never let one bad day make you feel like you have a bad life. 
RT : Culture Corner: 革命尚未成功，同志仍須努力 
RT : When 在 (zài) comes after the verb in Chinese grammar  #Chinese #Mandarin
RT : Chill out! 冷静点啊！Lěngjìng diǎn a!
RT : About 1/5 Chinese kids haven't seen 1 or both parents for at least 3 months.  
Sensū and Skritter. Perfect way to end the night. 
 private message sent!
Check out the  post about the Pomodoro Technique. I'm actually sharing this on my own 5 min. break!  
RT : 每个保安都是哲学家  
Photoset: Data as art? The image above is all HSK 1-6 words, with the most frequent words closer to the... 
I really enjoyed the Superhero Movies lesson on  Great vocabulary and a fun topic for anyone looking to talk about 超級英雄!.
 don't mention it, that's a great site. And yes, I'd love to have an early look!
RT : Learn more about Chinese characters and how they're formed at   
My first day of intense thesis writing for the semester has gone terribly. On the plus side, I have 15 more articles that I need to read now
Watch Wang Leehom speaking Chinese in this awesome Wong Fu Productions short. 
 Thanks for the kind words! Good luck on your studies. 加油！
RT : Last chance to sign up for BLCU this Spring! Contact us now for more information!!
#BLCU #studychinese #china... http:…
December 2013 issue of Journal of Technology and Chinese Language Teaching (JTCLT) has a free full PDF here: 
looks like the  reading challenge worked. Lots of #zh users in this months #ReadMOD
 can I still get in on the fun?
Studying traditional characters? Check out the great site ACCESS全漢字檢素系統. Pics and site description here: 
Does anyone know of good Mandarin blogs to follow on tumblr? I'm following  but that's about it.
Back to prep and grading after #ACTFL13 Thanks to all who attended my presentation. Felt great to spend the weekend speaking Chinese again.
 Thanks JP!
 Great post! Bring on the deeper water. "How deep is this water?" 
 Sorry JP, Skritter doesn't have a Chinese name. Hmm… we should do something about that!
Nothing beats meeting with your Professor to report on your thesis for a boost in productivity. I should be having these calls every week!
Anyone going to #ACTFL13 ? I can't wait to present on Friday night! Details in the image attached. 
Preparing another Intro to Hanzi lesson today. Hopefully when the semester is over I can find the time to put all my lesson content online!
Does anyone have a good grasp of statistics that would be willing to take a look at some raw data with me in the next few days?
 I was looking for the actual 部首 of characters. It's under UNI by adding the RSKangXi information.
RT :          all in one place http://t…
 awesome. Thanks for the quick reply and the fix. I look forward to the update. And I'll pass this news onto my students. 多謝！
 last day? Wow time really flies. I hope you have an awesome trip and amazing travels! 一路平安
Is there a way to see the radical of a character in the new  update for iOS? I can't find it anywhere.
 @skritterhq @tadokubot I would say reading the samp. sentences count, but I would mark them as re-read if they're not new.
 I'm reading 《白蛇傳》and 《漢字教與學》right now, along with some 漫畫
Nothing like a new RMOD challenge to get me back on Twitter. Goal is 500 pages of 中文. Follow my progress at 
  Here's a fresh spreadsheet!
 I'll try and put it up sometime today or tomorrow! Sorry for not getting back right away.
We just found Indiana University's Chinese Flagship program is integrating #Skritter into its curriculum. What great news!
 that sounds like a whole lot of fun. I'm not doing back country, but I'm trying to do more bike touring this next year.
 nope, but it looks like an awesome lightweight way to travel! Do you have one?
New ultra-compact sleeping bag comes in the mail tomorrow. Can't wait to toss it on the bike w/ solo tent and give it a go this weekend!
Finally finished "地". What a crazy collection of short stories. 張系國 is the man.
 39 #book
 thanks, it should be a lot of fun and I should have some videos at some point.
Tomorrow marks the first day of orientation for my dream job of teaching Chinese at university. I can't wait for classes to begin!
The Read More or Die challenge started again today. Join in on the FL reading fun! See  and  for details.
RT : New article: Standard pronunciation in Chinese and why you want it: 
BuzzFeed shows why #Taipei is awesome, with its 28 Reasons to Love the city. Check the link here: 
Now it’s time to get ready for the new semester. Syllabus writing commence!
After 15 days in SF, Denver and Madison my vacation at an end. Highlights include downhill biking, and riding 100.18 miles in 1 day!
RT : Of 367,000 non-royal babies born Monday, UNICEF estimates 24,000 will probably not live to see their fifth birthday: http://t.co…
I'm finally reading "The Chinese Language: Fact and Fantasy" by John DeFrancis.
RT : Introducing the new "Dear Skritter" column 
Do you have questions about #Chinese or #Japanese ? Maybe the new "Dear Skritter" column can help! Check it out here: 
#ACTFL13 Conference Program is out! I'm presenting on the analysis of critical character writing from teachers' and learners' perspectives!
 I ride a DR-Z400SM. Started out riding a 1976 BMW R/90 and would love to start a cafe project soon. 
Amazing TED talk on the power of body language. Understand how to「fake it until you become it」. Watch the clip here: 
Pretty stoked about class today. My student and I will be using geocaching (地謎藏寶) as a way to solidify giving and receiving directions.
Really enjoying the Logitech keyboard for iPad. While it isn’t able to do everything I wish it would, it’s a pretty amazing product!
 I do! Been studying for around 8 years and just finished my course work in Teaching Chinese as a Second Language! 你呢？
Summer classes with my student start in one hour. Looking forward to teaching some Chinese again… it's been far too long.
So glad to discover that Google Maps has a beta for bike routes. Looking forward to a 60 mile ride to our campsite at the end of August.
RT : Using Time Tracking With Language Studies 
 yes. I’m out of town for the weekend, but soon indeed.
 sounds good. Hope you enjoy! Would you mind sending a link so I can check it out?
It's wonderful to be in a proper office space again, and to have most of my Chinese reference books here with me!
 That being said, the Final Fantasy games on iOS all display in Chinese if you're interested in those!
 I don't know of any good titles. All the games I played were kinda bad.
I just joined The American Mandarin Society, you can join too by clicking here: 
Update to iLearn Mandarin is long overdue. Now that I'm settled in MKE it's time to visit  and get something (anything) down.
RT : New article: Role-playing as a way to expand your Chinese:  #chinese #role-playing
TuneIn app is great! Go get it now and listen to radio from all over the world. Thanks  for the link. 
 trying out TuneIn now with some 北京故事广播. The channels are a bit harder to find, but there is tons of stuff to enjoy.
Today was only my second  lab, but I'm hooked. The 'vibe' and sheer creativity of all involved just make you want more!
 oh… thanks for letting me know. That sounds pretty darn cool!
 never heard of it, does it give you lots of access to TV programs all over the world?
Listening to the news on Radio Taiwan app for iPhone, iPad etc. Get the free app and stay connected from anywhere! 
It feels quite strange to be so disconnected from my spoken Chinese here in the states. It's like apart of me is missing.
RT : The Legend of Meng Tian 
 I’m central US time (-6 GMT), but don’t worry about it. The final update wouldn’t have changed a whole lot.
Wish I could send some last updates for the ReadMOD challenge, but I'll have to be content with current stats. Forgot to update timezone :(
 it is 7:59pm in my timezone. I just moved back to the US this week. ;)
 24.6 #book; 268 #manga
RT : Exciting developments ahead - our long awaited new translation interface is in the very last stages of testing -... http:…
Back in the states safe and sound and I’ve got to say nothing beats a home cooked meal!
 34 #book; 196 #manga
 358 #manga
 17 #book; 58 #subs
Rush translation/ editing job done! They better like it since they sent me the article 10 hours before deadline (not 2 days as promised)
RT : Open Course Lectures and Finding Material Relevant to One's Interests 
 22 #book; 144 #subs
 10 #book; 98 #subs
RT : Jesse Appell standup  Great combo of American comedic style delivered in Chinese. Ending is traditiona…
 26 #book; 117 #subs
Just completed a 33.36 km bike - Perfect afternoon for a riverside ride.   #RunKeeper
I'm not exactly sure what I'm watching... but it's strangely great. Rage Comics + #Chinese idioms= fun crazy times 
 120 #subs
Achieved a new personal record with : Average speed in a week  #FitnessAlerts
父親節快樂！Happy Father's Day!
 you're very welcome. Thanks for putting on an awesome challenge!
 祝你生日快樂，事事如意!
 非常感謝！
 193 #manga
@iitwelll Was busy with finals so review queue is at ~500 right now, but it’s usually around 200-300 with 20-30 minutes of Skritter a day.
Learned 1 characters on Skritter (now at 4566) in the past 5 days. Reviewed 307 items in 1:05 with 89.3% retention. #fb
 30 #book; 60 #manga
 50 #book
RT : 最后的冲刺-  #高考
 not back in the states until the end of the month. But she does live in SF bay area, so maybe in the near future!
 it’s sounding great! When is your next MKE musical tour?
 I’m really going to miss the 蔥油餅、臭豆腐、麻醬麵、紅燒牛肉麵等等 here in Taiwan. As for Mainland, I still have dreams about all kinds of 川菜！
 cheers to that! Certainly going to miss the food when I leave.
 totally! you could even do short summaries of HP, which will force a wider variety of character output.
 HP 1 isn’t a bad option. Enjoy the challenge and best of luck!
 you could also try an verbal journal in Chinese. Listening/ mimicking should help keep auditory and verbal skills mostly fresh.
 bring lots of audio for parroting (short speeches perhaps?), daily journal writing, read aloud from textbook, novels etc. (1/2)
 what skills are you looking to develop and what is your approximate language level?
writing 師生 example dialogues for a lesson seems silly, but it forces one to think of how to ask a ? and why one’s asking to begin with.
RT : . has 291.0 pages recorded and a rank of 16.
RT : Game of thrones drinking game. Step one: drink until it stops hurting.
 107 #manga
RT : Our windows to the world. 
Just two more days of graduate school classes here in Taiwan. I can’t wait to start teaching at UW-Milwaukee in the fall.
Learned 0 characters on Skritter (now at 4565) in the past 5 days. Reviewed 478 items in 2:03 with 90.8% retention. #fb
 60 #book; 20 #manga
 哈哈， such an insane episode!
RT : Read More or Die: Join the Challenge Today! 
 55 #manga; 10 #book #zh
RT : '道德本是奢侈品 - Morality is a luxury '  - 
 I really felt that one!
Feeling ecstatic after finishing #Chinese Speech 期末報告 15 days ahead of due date! #deathtoprocrastination So… what’s next on the list?
And sorry to all, that should read #Tadoku 非常抱歉！
Day two of the #Takoku read more or die challenge. Join in the fun and hit the books with the rest of us! 
 60 #manga
 21 #book; 35 #sentences #zh
 #target 2000
 #reg #zh
I finally got a chance to try out  It’s the most fun I’ve ever had running for 30 minutes. Can’t wait to do mission 2!
Learned 4 characters on Skritter (now at 4565) in the past 5 days. Reviewed 131 items in 55 minutes with 89.7% retention. #fb
RT : Tadoku Contest 2013 Round 2, Register ready!  #tadoku #多読
RT : Culture Corner: 世间无难事，只要有心人 
 yup. It helps keep me motivated! Users can set them up by visiting the reminder page here: 
Learned 9 characters on Skritter (now at 4561) in the past 5 days. Reviewed 547 items in 2:35 with 93.0% retention. #fb
Learn how to use 仍然 réngrán adv. still; yet with this great image from Just 分享’s FB page.  
RT : New article: Learning how to learn Chinese through self-experimentation: 
 Pass with flying colors (or rather three 通’s from the 委員)! Glad to hear you’re enjoying 棋王. I just bought 《地》by him to read next
The day for my thesis proposal defense has finally arrived! Hopefully by this time tomorrow I can shift all focus to writing this beast.
RT : Students’ Rules | dìzǐ guī | 弟子規 Based on the ancient teachings of the #Chinese philosopher Confucius http://t.co/VprDD…
 glad to hear you’re enjoying it! Be sure to let  know if you have any questions or comments.
Learned 3 characters on Skritter (now at 4552) in the past 5 days. Reviewed 353 items in 2:08 with 93.6% retention. #fb
 what a great list of resources. Thanks for sharing!
 thanks! I’ll check it out and pass it along.
Anyone know of a good online program that focus on #HSK or AP #Chinese exams for middle/ high school students? Please let me know!
Sounds like I might get another shot at taking the Master Level TOCFL before I leave Taiwan. It’s all or nothing this time.
RT : Using Audacity to learn Chinese (speaking and listening, new article with video!): 
RT : Come work with ! Editorial scout? Events coordinator? Accountant? Check out all options here: http://t.co/Uj2…
 meet-up is just a few hours away! I’m looking forward to chatting with lots of passionate #Chinese language learners!
This week on the  blog we chatted w/  founder Julien Leyre. Check out the interview here: 
Just completed a 3.30 km bike with . Check it out!  #RunKeeper
 not a problem, I look forward to checking it out!
RT : A Chinese podcast which is obsessed with cars! 
 thanks! It shouldn’t be too bad. Just a lot of writing over the summer.
Finally turned in my thesis proposal last night. After a few more papers this weekend I can hopefully start sharing some new content again!
Great post on how we should be thinking about tech from Björn Jeffery. “iPads – A Tool, Not Alchemy, for Education” 
RT : This is utterly fabulous. Learn To Read Chinese In Eight Minutes.  
Just completed a 22.02 km bike - Great evening ride!  #RunKeeper
  Not a bad name at all. In Taiwan the first book is called 《權利遊戲》 and the series is 《冰與火之歌》
 不要那麼客氣！
