专访万宁冲浪俱乐部大山：冲浪是生活的缩影 
Volcom Pipe 职业冲浪大赛: Kelly Slater无人可挡 
CSR在ISPO北京国家会议中心 介绍当代中国冲浪运动的最新动态 
Surfing in China 
Twiggy Baker获得了2014 Mavericks Invitational冲浪比赛冠军 
Do you surf in China? Pic: Stephen Kovaz #chinasurfreport #chinasurf #surfnews #surfmagazine… 
CSR and Blue Hawaii Surf, during a meeting today in Beijing, together for promotion of surfing in… 
CSR and Blue Hawaii Surf together for promotion of surfing in China #chinasurfreport #chinasurf… 
Longskate retro style in Xinjiang close to Tibet border Rider: Liu Bao #chinasurfreport #chinasurf… 
Rip Curl opens first shop in China: Beijing #chinasurfreport #chinasurf #surfnews #surfmagazine… 
约珥·帕金森继续与Billabong长期合作 
Rip Curl opens first shop in Beijing  
Riyue Bay View Pic：Brendan Sheridan #chinasurfreport #chinasurf #surfnews #surfmagazine… 
China Surf Report Becomes First Chinese Surf Publication | The Inertia  via 
WangLei.TV – 中国单板第一人王磊先生的个人主页即将发布！ 
SNOWBOARD PIONEER WANG LEI, XSORIES TEAM RIDER, PLACED 10TH AT THE 12TH RED BULL NANSHAN OPEN 2014 THE… 
Thanks Rip Curl China for support in 2014 CSR感谢Rip Curl中国的赞助#chinasurfreport #chinasurf #surfnews… 
Riyue Bay seen from a different prospective Pic: Brendan Sheridan #chinasurfreport #chinasurf… 
Happy New Year! 新年快乐！#chinasurfreport #chinasurf #surfnews #surfmagazine #surfingmagazine #surfingmag… 
Aurelien Meynieux (Reunion) during ASP Men's World Longboard Championship in Riyue Bay.… 
Nelson III Ahina free session in Riyue Bay before the final day of ASP Men Longboard #chinasurfreport… 
Phil Rajzman free session in Riyue Bay #chinasurfreport #chinasurf #surfnews #surfmagazine… 
Steven McLean style during Riyue Bay ASP World Longboard Championship #chinasurfreport #chinasurf… 
We have already spent one amazing year together. Thanks to all the people, brands and organizations who supported us! 
We couldn't access to our Twitter account for long time cause VPN problems! But now CSR has back!

The 1st Xsories CSR photo contest is finished. Our team is checking all your shots and soon nominate the winners! Stay tuned!
 
Photo contest on China Surf Report with XSories products to win Pictures of Surfing and Skateboarding in China only,  April 28th - May 18th
Legendary surfer Kemp Aaberg's interview for CSR 
China Surf Map 中国冲浪地图 
XSories Jalenboo 戒浪.不 Surf and Skate Competition  XSories “Jalenboo 戒浪.不”冲浪和滑板比赛

-戒浪不-surf-and-skate-competition
Nik Zanella left the CSR project for personal reasons. Francesco De Luca is now the new Chief Editor. For contacts info@chinasurfreport.com
Hainan, Houhai's MSW forecast for weekend. ;-) 
中国冲浪明星: 铁桩 
Follow us also on Instagram！ 
中国冲浪明星: 铁桩 :中国冲浪明星-铁桩&amp;Itemid=516 
新疆Streetlife 滑板工作室 一周年 比赛派对 :新疆streetlife-滑板工作室-一周年-比赛派对 
来自巴西Adriano de Souza获得2013贝尔斯海滩Rip Curl冲浪赛冠军 
 
13春SCC滑板大绝招之潜力赛决赛
春scc滑板大绝招之潜力赛决赛 
3月31日天津美院&amp;X-team shop复活节极限运动派
月31日天津美院x-team-shop复活节极限运动派
Follow us also on our Instagram page: Chinasurfreport
荣获11次世界冠军的Kelly Slater赢得了QUIKSILVER黄金海岸职业冲浪塞
:荣获11次世界冠军的kelly-slater赢得了quisilver澳大利亚专业冲浪赛
Jared Lucas关于New Ground的采访
关于new-ground的采访
Perfect left on a perfect day in Lingshui Bay, Hainan. Rider: Francesco De Luca 
Happiness during the Wanning Festival. Hawaiian surfer Kaoli with little Qiu Zhuo, China. 
Forecasts for China


100英尺-Garrett Mcnamara成功刷新冲浪高度世界纪录


第一次参加ASP比赛的邱灼获得成功! The first time of Qiu Zhuo! 
:邱焯第一次参加asp比赛的成功-the-first-time-of-qiu-zhuo
CSR got hacked!! We are looking into the issue and resolving it - once we get it fixed we will re-launch it! Sorry for the inconvenience!
The Tao of surfing makes fireworks for 2012 ASP World Longboard Champion Taylor Jensen 
Swatch Girls Pro China 2012 万宁斯沃琪世界女子职业冲浪赛重磅回归
Saltwater dragons, dedicated to young chinese talents: Little Fish 海之龙-每月明星-saltwater-dragons
Article about CSR on The Surfer's Path 
2012 Surfing Hainan Open 
Sam Bleakley surfing in Houhai, Sanya. 
2012 Vans DragonSK8滑板总决赛 
Baybay Niu - 台湾东岸 
Hangzhou - 2012 Vans DragonSK8滑板总决赛决战“江南” 
SWATCH GIRLS PRO China hosted by Wanning 2012  21-25 November Wanning, Hainan Island - China 
2012年斯沃琪世界女子长板职业冲浪冠军赛 万宁市承办 SWATCH GIRLS PRO China hosted by Wanning 2012 

这几天的浪况，15日要到新台风了! 请大家注意安全！多打一点蜡！
凯利斯雷特在法国又赢得了胜利! Kelly Slater wins again in France! 
qiantang river's power! 
2012红牛钱塘江冲浪赛图文报道 Redbull Qiantang shoot out! 
海洋预报 2012年10月6日 到 10月12日
Waves' Forecast from today to October 12th 
China will become the surfing's next frontier also for Surfermag! 中国将变成全世界最流行的冲浪目的地！ 
Red Bull Qiantang Surfing Shoot Out 2012 Interview to Nik Zanella - CSR Chief Editor 钱塘江冲浪奠基人:冲浪像吸毒 钱江有别海浪里程长 
China Waves' Forecasts from today October 1st to October 6th: 
China Surf Spots Guide: Fujian Province, DONGSHAN ISLAND 东山岛 (Zhangzhou漳州)- Maluan Bay 马銮弯 
Vans Dragon SK8 2012 Skate Tour Hangzhou
Vans Dragon SK8 2012滑板赛杭州年度总决赛即将打响！

Waves' forecasts from today to October 4th...still pumpin'! 
Vans Joel Tudor在Steamer Lane冲浪
2012红牛钱塘江冲浪对抗赛 - Red Bull Qiantang Surfing Shoot Out 2012 
CSR ChinaSurfReport Forecasts page: September 26th to October 1st 
追风人 越南 - Typhoon Hunters Vietnam 
 KELLY SLATER CLAIMS 50th WIN AT HURLEY PRO AT TRESTLES
Daily waves/wind/typhoon forecasts for China's most popular surf spots. In partnership with  and .
September 25th - 27th Typhoon is coming... 
凯利斯雷特在哈雷Trestles赢得了他的第50次职业比赛！ KELLY SLATER CLAIMS 50th WIN AT HURLEY PRO AT TRESTLES 
September 25th  the waves are coming! 
CSR official partner on ASP website: 
2012哈雷Trestles职业冲浪赛直播网址! 2012 HURLEY PRO TRESTLES LIVE NOW! 
SurfEXPLORE team discovers Hainan, China 

Welcome to join our CSR's Online Community! 
CSR's Video section: 
Today the sea has prepared some really good waves! Let's take the boards! 
福建省的新浪点在线！ 请冲浪朋友们宣传更多新浪点！谢谢！

New Surf Spot published in Fujian Province Guide!
CSR已与SURFLINE达成合作共识  JOINS FORCES WITH CSR!  
 supports , supplying excl. spot-by-spot forecasts for all 55 surf locations mapped by CSR Team.
CSR已与世界最有名的冲浪网站SURFLINE达成合作共识。SURFLINE会根据CSR提供的冲浪点信息来准备与之相对应的浪点预报图！
海之龙 - 每月明星 - Saltwater Dragons  dedicated to young chinese talents : MOYU "Pablo" HUANG  
CSR ChinaSurfReport supports the SurfEXPLORE team on the Taiwan Project! 加油！我们全力全心的支持你们！
TYPHOON HUNTERS Jeju Island, South Korea Surfer: Randy Rarick Photo: John Callahan 
冲浪旅游： 追风人 – 韩国济州岛 - TYPHOON HUNTERS  Jeju Island, South Korea 
We want to apologize with our users and advertisers, and thank the several thousands of friends who followed us!
The problem has finally been solved by our staff and now  is working 100%, everywhere, all the time.
In the last 2 weeks CSR has gone thru some technical problems. The access to the website was at times denied by the servers.
网络技术问题已解决!15天来遇到了网络技术上的一些问题。服务器经常遇到地域限制。不过最终我们的工作人员已解决了所有问题。现在任何地区都能打开网站。我们为给所有用户和广告公司带来的不便致以歉意同时感谢已关注我们网站的广大朋友们。
Welcome to join CSR's on line community!  The first Everything about surf, skate, snow, surfculture, surf life in China!
Vans China Skate Tour Action  
Wanning International Surfing Festival 
Hainan, Houhai during a summer session. Surfer: Nik Zanella. 
China first surf guide on CSR ChinaSurfReport! 中国唯一的冲浪地图！
Haitang Bay, Sanya, Hainan 海南，三亚市，海棠湾 
米克·范宁赢得了大溪地比拉邦职业冲浪赛 - Mick Fanning wins Billabong Pro Tahiti! 
玉之屋”——中国最佳冲浪讯息周报 -THE JADE ROOM a weekly column about China's best waves  作者: Nik Zanella 李健豪 -  翻译: 李思梦 
CSR Chinasurfreport's article on ! 
Vans Dragon SK8 2012 Beijing Event News and Results 
Welcome you to join CSR Community on 
CSR is finally online! 
CSR ChinaSurfReport Forecasts Page - CSR的天气预报 
~ China's Number 1 Source for Boardriding Sports News - 中国第一家板类运动新闻网站8月就要开通了！
Sam Bleakley和John Callahan终于把他们最好的游历文章集成为一本书，这本书也是第一个被译成汉语的冲浪文学散文书籍。特别是其中海南和中国的章节部分是非常有趣的，这部分的内容是由的编辑所负责的。
CSR 第一家设于中国的冲浪媒体要快开通了！
