RT : “: 有些心事只能自言自语，有些秘密只能讲给朋友。有些痛苦只能默默承受，自己还是要靠自己拯救。真正的痛苦，没有人能与你分担，你只能把它从一个肩头，换到你的另一个肩头”
   Wahh sayangsayang :B
Just the way you are
Sleepy die
RT : This time last year, everything was totally different.
Wallace Chong !
  YUMM :P
 I want pics baby
 Cooked by me Yay :P
Hashbrown and friedfries
": 每个人，把坚强说的太容易了。"
RT : 虽然现在很苦很累，但还是会继续走下去，我只是不想后悔。
 OI I want you shoot xx eh pic :B
Second time sit bus in February , but gave whole month fee --

RT : I'm moving on. No more waiting, no more hurt. If you wanted me, you could've had me, but you didn't. You blew your chan…
Idiot everywhere
 Lol :b
面对现实
烟花易冷
 GOOOOOOOOO :D
I want a good results for 1A exammm
RT : 不要对一个人太好，因为你终于有一天会发现，对一个人好，时间久了，那个人会把这一切看作是理所应当。很多人不是不够好，而是对别人太好，却不知你越对别人好，在他眼里就越没价值。其实本来是可以蠢到不计代价不顾回报的,但现实总是让人寒了心。其实你明…
  HAHAHA :B
 Horr Jasmine不专心 :b
Feel so hungry when seeing mum eating Lol.
 Yuppp! Between saya pun tak nampak kamu :(
 Got ar TT
I didn't ask yet, nvm next time will do.
Wow 王力宏
C322
给我一个好结局
All the best
Goooooood Luck !
加油 Wen Ni!
Hiao
Sleepp
RT : 没有深夜痛哭过的人，不足以谈人生。
": 无论你今天要面对什么，既然走到了这一步，就坚持下去，给自己一些肯定，你比自己想象中要坚强。"
1111111111
RT : 累了
School again haih
 So sad
Teacher Choo :(
RT : 如果一个人记得你的生日 记得你喜欢什么讨厌什么 把你不经意说过的话都放在心上 为你无数次影响情绪却从来不让你看到他脆弱的样子 为你做他不喜欢的事 为你放下面子放下所谓的原则放下他的一切 为你改掉坏脾气 为你拒绝所有暧昧 为你变得面目全非 …
王祖蓝 so geng HAHAHAHA
I am so tired
巨轮 :D
食为奴 HAHAHA
I want food hahaha
So hungry
Night
Eyes so pain and tired throat so dry
 Sweeeet
Is because of you Is you I hate you
Please calm down Wenni

Dad finally back, so hungry TT
RT : Nth special.
Sucks person, gao wai yu, don't try to get back with your girlfriend
巨轮
 Don't want, eat yourself lol
 Diam haha
I want chocolate
  Yesss, high five HAHAHA
 Waa 真的是“求之不得”
  Agree, HAHAHAHA
 Yayyyy soo touch love you XOXO
First valentine's present from jieyinggg soo sweeeet HAHAHA
Happy chap goh meh
 :b
 Meeee Yayyy hahahaha
Sleepyy
RT : 情人节so what??xD
Bro also join activity every Sunday wat
Every time school activity , every time let you scolded , wth I didn't do bad things
You don't want to let me learn music don't want to let me join school activity just want me to study study study
Just busy with school activity not go out with friends  also
Now you don't want to fetch me, next time you don't call me to help you
 Don't keep thinking about it , listen some cheer song but not down song ok :)
 Don't sad le
Lisann ugh
RT : ": 可笑的是，我们在朋友面前假装心理专家，但却连自己的问题都解决不了。"
Valentine's night with familyy so sweeeeet yayyy
Dehhhhhh so sad no Valentine's present hahaha
RT : Family is everything.
": "She stopped waiting for someone to save her, so she saved herself.""
Tou tong

RT : 其实我有好多话想对你说
RT : 25岁之前要极尽疯狂：看一场超赞的演唱会；有一场说走就走的旅行；有一个随时可以甩脸给他的异性死党；在影院里大哭；通一个high到爆的宵；酩酊大醉一次；谈一场疯狂却无果的恋爱。25岁之后要岁月静好：敬养父母，烹调打扫，工作读书，结婚育子，收…
Dumb Ways to Die
 (Y)
I don't want go out already
Headache after nap D:
 You ka stay sweet la HAHAHA :P
 He stay sweet with his girlfriend tiok wu la HAHA
 Older, always bully mia
Seriously dislike my brother zz
Goodnight I want a good dream
RT : The Worst Feelings:

Cheated on 
Replaced 
Over-thinking 
Lied to 
Led on 
Not appreciated 
Not cared for 
Being left o…
 Givee
天真岁月不忍欺 青春荒唐我不负你
RT : ": 我最怕看到的 不是两个相爱的人互相伤害 而是两个爱了很久很久的人突然分开了 像陌生人一样擦肩而过我受不了那种残忍的过程 因为我不能明白当初植入骨血的亲密怎么会变为日后两两相忘的冷漠"
RT : ": 友情进一步可以成为爱情，爱情退一步却不再是朋友。"
RT : 我需要一个拥抱，今天我心情不好。
RT : ": 如果有必要，就终究会遇到 "
RT : 人生没有彩排，好好珍惜现在，把握生命中的一分一秒。人生没有如果，过去的不再回来，回来的不再完美。没有过不去的坎，只有过不去的人。慢慢地，不再流泪；慢慢地，一切都会过去。
 Don't want eat dy la :b
 I'm hungry
RT : ": 现在我并不是因为心情不好也不是因为有多伤感我只是想说说心里话我不知道未来的路是怎样的或许上天早就安排好了我不知道这个月过后我即将面对的是什么或许有些东西不必要去想太多但是我看不见我的未来我的未来好渺茫。"
 :((( laoogongg
Neck so pain
RT : 我以为,最难过到,会哭个不停。其实不然,最难过到可以对着大家嘻嘻哈哈,掩饰悲伤,对每个人都嬉皮笑脸。其实,我好难过,只是麻木了,泪也麻木得流不出了。我大可以哭,但是我不能够,难过不一定要哭。
 So enjoy life :b
 Don't want free liaoo now :o too nua dy
Busy until no time to think a lot and make myself a better person :-):-)
I hope my life is busy now
I just want to learn what I want zz
 :**
说一声加油一切都美好
Should have a daughter's day
": 纽扣第一颗就扣错了，可你扣到最后一颗才发现。 有些事一开始就是错的，可只有到最后你才肯承认。有些人一开始就不属于你，可过了很久你才肯放手。"
RT : 没有人,有那个义务去关心、去爱你,在没有人爱你之前,我们最好爱自己。
Dad bought so expensive bag for mum for Valentine's Day TT
 当然 有 :B
 错了, 美丽我本来就有 ,不追求这些 :&gt;
我想要改变自己☜☜
Hot cappuccino
RT : 最难过的就是我一直觉得那个人很重要，可是他最重要的人却不是我。
 Yay
French fries
Zzz
After nap still so sleepy
Pose HAHAHAHA
Stomach so pain Zzz
 Why like that TT
 Nvm between the barber said xin shang my zi lian HAHAHAHA
 Whattt :B
 You tau I say who? :O
If I got chance to see you I hope you can stay far away from my friend, stupid guy
Jian nan ren WTH . Say those stupid things to my friend, shoo away if you dy got girlfriend, don't touch my friend.
 Tomorrow bo open then Tuesday got activity lazy d ma :B
Lol I'm sleepy, waiting dadd
The barber said me zi lian TT
I'm at Image Generation Saloon (Air Itam, Penang) 
RT : “: Monsters, Inc. ♡ ”hahahahaha
#一片痴
Feel like want to sleep back
为你锺情
HAHAHAHAHA NICE DANCEE
汤盈盈 and 钱嘉樂 so sweet
My sassy hubby
RT : 有些喜欢，远远的欣赏，有些感情，保持微笑，路过就好。
 wechat --
 Walau how come you know
 -- I got things to tell you.
I'm hungry
I'm at All Seasons Place (四季新天地) (Air Itam, Penang) 
品冠 TT
I want back home sleep TT
RT : If I didn't care, I wouldn't get mad.
 HAHAHAHA
Bai ti gong
 Because got me? :D
 He said who notice him , at where . -- Or you go chat him la
 Whennn?
RT : 每个人都会犯错，你若深爱一个人，无论他如何对你，无论犯什么错，你都会原谅，甚至为他找理由。你若不爱一个人，可能对方只说错一句话，就立刻翻脸分手。所以，当一个人抓住你的小错而分手，不是因为你的错，而是因为不爱你。原谅这种事，只和爱的深浅有…
 Same year mia gathering? Or same school juga boleh? Haha
I told my brother I want to do bulb on his next Friday date.
 Don't hate TT
 Sure :)
After the cake now is too full to have mum dinner TT sorryy mum
": If I could choose people in my life, i just want my parents, a few of my best friends and someone I love. That's all."
We keep bully LiWen haha
:))))) @ All Seasons Place (四季新天地) 
I'm at @ChatimeMy (Air Itam, Penang) 
I'm at I Mum Mum 板面专卖店 w/ @jieying_591999 
 亲爱的 TT
Deadly chocolate cake
Teatimeeee :p (@ Who's Bryan w/ @jieying_591999) 
I'm at All Seasons Place (四季新天地) w/ @jieying_591999 
RT : 小时候摔跤，总要看看周围有没有人，有就哭，没有就爬起来。长大后，遇到不开心的事，也要看看周围有没有人，有就爬起来，没有就哭。
RT : 有时候很想痛痛快快醉一场，醒来后到一个没人认识我的地方，然后，一切从零开始。
RT : 很想讨厌你
RT : 我只希望你站在我的立场想很可惜你看不见
": 可以哭,却选择笑。每个人都为自己建立起一道死角,别人进不去,自己走不出来。"
": 亲爱的自己,请你好好爱自己。你不是没人爱,而是最好的还在未来等着你。"
Going out to have supper with family is so warm
I'm at Rockstarz Burger (Ayer Itam, Penang) 
Out better
RT : 我从不喜欢让别人看见我的眼泪，我宁可让别人觉得我快乐的没心没肺，也不愿让自己看起来委屈可怜。
RT : 一切都会好起来的，即使不是在今天，总有一天会的。
RT : 我想有一天，我跟一个人足够契合，我们可以一整天没有电脑没有手机，可以吃着好吃的，听着音乐，聊着天南地北的话题，甚至于两两相望静静的坐一整天也很自然 。无论友情，还是爱情。
RT : 该来的始终会来，千万别太着急，如果你失去了耐心，就会失去更多。该走过的路总是要走过的，从来不要认为你走错了路，哪怕最后转了一个大弯。这条路上你看到的风景总是特属于你自己的，没有人能夺走它。
你是罪魁祸首
Hand pain badly
 *Ouch*
 #Buangbalik Yay
If stay at house I'll be more happier
