RT : 忧国忧民王全杰：1991年8月21日，苏联局势严峻,群众上街示威游行，抗议苏共，国防部长亚佐夫奉命调集军队镇压示威民众，他断然拒绝：“不，我不能派小伙子们去。”之后被捕入狱,13年后,普京总统向81岁的亚佐夫授勋,表彰他坚持不向民众开枪的壮举。——真正的英雄…
RT : ":  "
This is the Sochi they don't want you to see.  #Sochi2014 #WinterOlym…
Must smile when face life! 
RT : 刚出国不久时遇到一韩国女孩，聊起”抗美援朝“，我问南韩为何打北韩，那女孩下巴差点掉下来：”谁告诉你是韩国入侵？“ 我：”难道不是？“我们俩目瞪口呆，面面相觑。
RT : VIDEO: Actress Ellen Page reveals she is gay 
 前晚的战绩，过100就不玩了。 
 看来我多一门手艺
 why?
 我150
RT : 不存在改革 &gt; 张凯律师于2014年2月13日，美国威斯康辛大学法学院演讲《中国改革中的律师行动》（后附汉语版，个别名字隐去）     
RT : 【前总统卢拉：巴西不会走中国道路】巴西前总统卢拉在接受《纽约时报》采访时称，尽管巴西的经济发展急剧放缓，但该国无意模仿中国，将低工资竞争模式作为促进繁荣的方法。 
Feb 14, 2014, Chinese Vanlentine's Day also! 
Capital Normal University 
RT : Russia and China Skip U.N. Meeting on Aid to Syria 
RT : RT : 【荣耀归索契，灰尘归小村】俄罗斯投资80亿美元，为索契冬奥会打造了一条宏伟的运输干道，而路旁的阿赫什特尔小村不仅未能享受到便利，施工还割裂了村庄，破坏了水资源，政府承诺落空令村民不满。 http://t.co/Lj…
RT : China and Taiwan to begin highest-level talks since end of the Chinese civil war in 1949  http://t.co/Z…
what a dramatic show ! 
在High Scores上查看我玩“Flappy Bird”时的得分。 
when could I become familiar with iOS programming? 
first snow of this winter in Beijing 
RT : 美国之音：日本学者：日本民众怀疑美国的承诺 
RT : 美国务卿:将保护日本在钓鱼岛不受中国攻击(图) - 中华网 
RT : How To Beat Flappy Bird 
not easy to follow the open online course for learning coding. 
RT : Google takes a shot at Russia’s anti-gay law with new doodle for Sochi Winter Games  by 
The Place 
RT : How to Write a Professional Social Media Bio For Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook &amp; Google+  http://t.co/zTi2x…
how happy you could be when you still a baby！ 
RT : Sochi hires company to capture, kill stray dogs during Olympics  
Hi, I'm out on camera. 
Really like this one, for it looks like a photo shot by camera. Actually it's an oil painting. 
I don't know whether you could connect this vision expressed by the painting with Chinese style. 
National Art Museum of China, one of exhibitions, modern art. 
RT : 有没有一个app实现“逆美图秀秀”功能？我觉得市场应该很大。
RT : 21+ RT : 我哥长的高大一米九二，找了个女朋友一米五多点，。奶奶在胡同口闲坐，看我哥和小女朋友出门，大清早有雾又赶上我奶奶眼有点花，冲我哥的背影喊：“斌斌，你拉个皮箱干嘛去啊？(转)
RT : 17+ RT : Freedom for Ilham.Tohti！2月2日，是我来美国的整整一周年，也是父亲被抓的第十九天。 
What was he looking at? 
ignite joss sticks then make incense in Yonghe Lama Temple, Beijing. 
Chinese style? 
RT : "It is a wonderful story, but it is full of conflict" - Love across the battle lines in Syria  http://t…
RT : In China’s Sichuan province, researchers are powering up to directly detect dark matter &gt;&gt;  via @Disco…
RT : The 13-year-old schoolboy from Virginia using big data to tackle bullying across the U.S  http://t.co/r…
  excellent
Sanlitun now is dotted several Eili's lovely cartoon sculptures. Eili is popular Chinese local cartoon idol. 
Happy Chinese lunar horse year!
CCTV's Spring Festival Gala was fucking boring! 
Chinese dumpling for the New horse year! 
RT : For the first time, scientists have captured a brain making memories in real-time! #video &gt;&gt; 
RT : One-touch shopping! Tim Cook on mobile payments and iPhone fingerprint: “It was one of the thoughts behind Touch ID.” http:/…
RT : 联想-IBM收购案威胁美国国家安全?: 中国联想电脑公司宣布同意以23亿美元收购IBM低端服务器业务，这项交易虽然还有待美国政府的批准，可是越来越多的中国投资引起了观察人士对美国国家安全的担忧。 
RT : DROPOUTJEEP是专门植入iPhone的间谍软件；见NSA服务目录　德国明镜在线报导 
RT : RT : 【高盛电梯闲话揭秘圈内人的华尔街】在Twitter上匿名发布号称高盛内部谈话的神秘人物将把自己在银行界的见闻结集出书了！据介绍，新书将展示一个惊人、有趣、让人又恨又妒的华尔街的世界。http://t.co/wUl…
You struggle to learn how to deal with loneliness, finally I become short of words, reluctant to get to know new bro 
RT : 17+ RT : 【乌克兰，伊万诺-弗兰科夫斯克州】警察拒绝亚努科维奇的命令，向示威者脱帽致敬。   
RT : Harvard and MIT make a compelling case for MOOCs (GigaOM) 
It's a way to learn knowledge you are interested in but don't want to officially enrolled in campus. 
RT : Bits Blog: Chinese Internet Traffic Redirected to Small Wyoming House 
RT : iOS 7.1 Users In The U.K. &amp; Australia Will Be Able To Select Siri's Gender 
 难道今天的网络问题源于GFW的升级？
La Bamba, southwest Wudaokou Subway Station. 
vodka + 王老吉 
RT : 今晚房东又来要求我们搬走，他说这几天警察每天找他到凌晨两三点才让他离开，他实在受不了了。党做事真是不择手段
RT : It's an AND-1 for #T12 ! We're all tied at 31 prior to the FT. #LetsGoMagic #WeWill 
RT : RT : 彭博社: 红色家庭被美国同化，投票给奥巴马：宋任穷将军的8个子女有5个居住在美国，其中三个女儿已经是美国公民，其中一个儿子也拿到了美国绿卡。
RT : Ask Siri “What Does The Fox Say” And You Won’t Be Disappointed 
 haha, funny!
RT : Want to learn something new? Harvard offers free, online courses on topics from computer science to poetry http://t.co/HDcvT0R…
last night at Wangfujing, heavy mist. 
RT : Have you ever considered studying in the US? Visit your local #EducationUSA center:  #100KStrongAmeri…
RT : What is the famed equation from Einstein's special theory of relativity that gave birth to the atomic age? http://t.co/J6aVa…
RT : Why Apple’s iBeacon Is Under-Hyped 
beautiful, isn't it? 
Inside Subway of Hujialou station, were there two police dogs patrolling in the hall, 6:00 pm yesterday 
RT : goagent 3.1.3 更新到了 [community-testing]. 新增内建 pac proxy 支持. 不过在我的测试中, 此版本有较多毛病, 包括: 网页资源错位/缺失, 资源/api调用被当作文件下载, 无限循环重定向等等. …
RT : Jiuzhaigou Journal: Fog-Wreathed Paradise, Built by a Billionaire Under a Cloud 
  太搞了
RT : 话说美国的射电望远镜甚大阵的英文名叫VLA，全称是Very Large Array，土到了忧伤的境界。我猜它的下一代可以叫VVLA，Very Very Large Array，或者TCDFFA，The Congress Don’t Fucking …
 unforgettable
RT : U.S. Coast Guard cutter to help Chinese, Russian ships stuck off Antarctica. 
RT : All our phone calls will soon travel over the Internet. Here's AT&amp;T's plan to test that out. 
RT : Scientists are just getting a handle on the many roles of viruses in the human ecosystem  http://…
good memory of 2 years ago. 
RT : What's the difference between a snowstorm and a blizzard?  
 why gay couple have no right to adopt children? Is there any convincible research which conclusion could endorse Pope?
RT : Stiff arm. 
RT : Is teleportation possible with the help of quantum entanglement? 
RT : Yes, on Jan. 1, 2014 it was colder in Canada than it was on Mars &gt;&gt;  
RT : 2013年底，西北政法大学辞职副教授谌洪果的学生们从西宁，昆明，成都，北京，厦门等地赶回来送别，有些弟子甚至直接拖着行李就出现在导师面前。在深圳做刑辩律师的申文说，谌老师和弟子们是“生命共同体”。 
RT : 专家称龙门山断裂带是未来地震热点: 研究认为，位于西藏高原和四川盆地之间的这个大约60公里长的断裂带应当是监视未来地震的热点。 
RT : 我向一个中国妹子要电话号码。她说：“打炮！打炮！打炮！今晚打炮不用钱！（Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight）” 我惊呆了：“哇！”然后她朋友插嘴说：“她是说电话号码是6663629。”
RT : 日本七成民众荐安倍需顾及参拜神社后果: 多达近70%的受访者认为，首相安倍晋三需顾及参拜靖国神社对外交关系造成的影响。 
I hate to say new start.
RT : 不得不承认《唐顿庄园》是一部难得的经典剧集，有点英版《大宅门》的意思，但不管是在剧本，导演和演员方面，《大宅门》都无法和前者相提并论，剧中的伯爵和马修让人见识了何为真正的贵族和绅士。
try to be cool 
RT : A Question for 60 Minutes: Why Would China Want to Destroy the Global Economy? - Conor Friedersdorf - The Atlantic http://t.c…
RT : 中国网络观察：朝野的分裂: 朝鲜发生高层政治内斗凶杀。与朝鲜同样奉行斯大林式共产党制度、因而被中国公众和网民戏称为“西朝鲜”的中国也感受到强烈的政治震动。朝鲜原先的第二号人物、朝鲜最高领导人金正恩的姑父张成泽被加上腐败和... http://t.…
 真没兴趣，感觉还不如出iPhone 新款敢兴趣
RT : Start developing iOS 7 apps on your own schedule 
show this pic took at yesterday noon to my friend, he said it was the same as he left Beijing which was 5 years ago 
RT : Google Brings Chrome Apps To The Mac 
RT : 奥巴马：很多领导人声称自己认同曼德拉对自由的不舍追求，却没有几个能容忍自己国家内的意见份子。
 你的灯又亮了？
RT : #GoAgent 的README，是我见过最高端大气的说明档，一句话“DON'T PANIC”胜过千言万语：“别慌！”。在提倡自由平等的文明社会，墙，虽然有强权的支持却躲藏在暗处；反之，翻墙的行为，自始至终以正义之名义得到支持和鼓励。 http://t.co…

 what does that mean?
RT : One of the best #TheMentalist episodes ever! Jane is taking the power back! 
I will be announced a real and legal driver in only three hours.
 这是什么计划
RT : Thx for sharing! MT   : If you live outside China, please install #lantern &amp; help Chines…
RT : 低配置VPS安装Ubuntu及 #Lantern 详细过程   (via 北风 )
Raw: US Detainee Home From North Korea:  via @youtube
Renmin University Natatorium, 2000m, freestyle, 47 minutes, yesterday afternoon.
RT : Pope Francis: the Word of God "puts limits on anyone who wants to become dominant, abusing the rights and dignity of others."
I love chicken burger 
RT : 一张神图告诉你中国网民翻墙新姿势！ 
RT : Remembering civil rights leader and former president of South Africa Nelson Mandela: 

“: 新浪北美網發佈周永康被拘傳聞 ”。真假？
RT : 1951年，生于河南农村的崔琦被母送香港求学，留在大陆的父亲在1959年饿死，母亲背负里通外国罪名在1968年贫病而亡。崔母去世时，崔琦姐姐欲借铁锹一把葬母，磕头下跪求遍全村却无一人肯借。1998年崔琦获诺贝尔物理学奖后，当地政府搞起崔琦故居，命…
RT : 【华盛顿特区，出柜了】与过往不同，华盛顿特区同性恋人数比例已达到10%，为全美各州之最，成为美国同性恋最多的地方。除了社会环境更加宽松外，有人认为是因为同性恋越发对政治感兴趣。
  难道这就是刘春说的大新闻？
 老年人还是信仰的
 since red John has appeared and been killed, this show is going to continue?
 does this mean the 3rd generation of GFW gonna be established soon?
Canadian accused in China spy case 
Metro train derails in New York City 
Too hot inside my apartment, only shoots and t-shirt! 
RT : Rescue operation under way after Glasgow #helicopter crash, says  at scene  &amp; http://t.…
Apple Spends $578 Million On Rumored Sapphire Glass Feature For iPhone 6  via 
I liked a  video  Thanksgiving 2013 Google Doodle
Morning, I went to an English corner last night, but didn’t participate the party after that. Just ‘cause I’m not young any longer.
 谢谢，这个不需要。看看下次你有什么书籍抛售吧。
 actually I never used VPN on computer.
I love lantern's notion about the internet's freedom, this video clip posted on it's main page is encouraging. 
I liked a  video  Lantern
RT : 灯笼 （Lantern）是一个为击败互联网审查而共同努力的世界人群网络。灯笼是同伴与同伴间绕开“围墙”的一种新软件。安装和分享这个新软件，从墙内获得被审查和阻挡的墙外信息。 灯笼旨在提供准入，无法保障你不受监控。反监控使用Tor. http://t.…
 没有objective-c的？
  怎么感觉城管的作风
My lantern is not that stable, I can't sign in YouTube.
Lantern, another way to cross the wall.
RT : See how you can help others to get free internet access!  #GetLantern #NoCensorship
RT : [草榴原创首发中文版]图文并茂 Lantern (灯笼)代理软件安装和使用教程 更新不能连接问题 - 
面子里子都没了 “: 美国派B-52挑战中国防空识别区…这太不给面子了吧”
RT : 不从根上找毛病 净干猫盖屎的事 能捂得住么？靠RT : 凤凰网接电话通知，除转发通稿外，不得擅自以专栏专刊专题形式报道美国轰炸机飞越东海识别区的消息。
RT : RT : 根据美国海军指挥官手册表明，国际法规定只要飞行物没有进入该国领域的意图，无须遵行该国的防空识别区规定。
Des bar! 
RT @法国观察站-陶赟 //@酷里亚-阿嘎西:然也//@赵士林微博:假期各地出现的旅游乱象，实际上是中国乱像的旅游版：唯利是图，公德沦丧、官商勾结、敲诈民众；占山为王，土匪恶霸，大打出手，黑社会化；上下其手，明抢暗偷，毫无诚信，寡廉鲜耻。
This is the reservoir dam where I kept working for the last two months. I was there for the vibration test. 
For almost two months, I couldn't get here, all those GFW-Climb softwares died.
最近真不是很容易登陆，风雨欲来。
微博上风雨来势很汹汹
RT : 事實上自 iWork for iCloud 和 Office WebApp後，Google Docs 已經變成了最爛的文件平台，只能用作給Gmail 打開Office 連結而已...
Morning buddies! Even there are few know me!
This time I need to perk up and find another job. Job now I held is boring and has no future.
RT : 8月9日开始，又一则谣言开始在各大媒体包括新华网、人民网大面积传播《美国一士兵因不想执勤火烧核潜艇 判赔4亿美元》，纵火者Casey James Fury只是一名船坞工人而非美军士兵，事起与女友不和而不是拒绝执勤。 
 喜得千金！
RT : 妈逼的，我东北一个朋友在许志永的事情上签名了，她是个新华书店的职员，当地国保拿她闺女威胁她。这么点破事，就拿人家孩子威胁，这是什么国保，太他妈的下作了。
RT : 新华网隆重推荐，"女囚死刑实录 揭世界最黑暗一面(组图)"，来自AV视频《致命注射》，152.97M，电驴下载ed2k://|file|PKF_lethal_injection.wmv|160401185|2D0B4CC5AF581B9ED77FBBCEDD…
RT : China's one-child policy leaves some parents childless, hopeless and facing financial ruin in old age. http://t.co/xRFj6c1B…
g+这个图给力 
 我试着往出走过，去一个可以有自尊和能让我有属于自己的土地的地方。但失败了。也许失败的代价就是继续呆这儿！
There is a moment when you feel it's time to have a beak and turn your mind around nearby, beautiful stuff neglected 
 小说？
  哈哈
 怎么赶脚要去吃大户，分富农前的动员口号啊！
 我这样纯没房子的有啥头衔？
Haven't use English for some time, English ability goes downwards. 
RT : A recent study shows that 90% of women don't like men in pink shirts. Ironically, 90% of men in pink shirts don't like women.
RT : Looking for a new desktop wallpaper or iPhone background for August? We've got you covered 
wine jar 
Xiangjia Dam Reservoir Power Plant 
I'm now at Xiangjia Dam, Shuifu County, Zhaotong City, Yunnan province, http://P.R.China. It's about the monitoring of dynamic effect due t…
Baojiang Toufu 
Labrador, my favorite puppy! This moment happened at Beijing South Railway Station! I was there waiting for my train 
Beijing, like there were the entire sea water down-poured here, I'm all wet.
Tsinghua University, mainland China. 
有时候懒惰是一种心里防御。laziness is kinda psychological protection, in specific situations.
RT : 当你动用公权力的便利，去伤害一个平民百姓时，首先想到的，不要是这个被你欺侮的人有多可怜，而应该想到你自己有多无耻！ 你必须保护这些百姓的合法权益不受侵害，哪怕她是有道德污点的人。所以，不必花大量时间与口舌证明叶海燕有多淫荡，多坏，试图使你的打压得…
here I'm, gonna go swimming!
我也没戏了？ 
Awake now 
crowed with people 
哈哈哈， 
小扎在脸书上对这件事情进行澄清 
新的Mac pro就不上图了，整个一个黑客帝国的颠覆感，耍的就是这种极限！
看一遍 
Google+  
Google+  
The new Google Maps – On Browser – Hello World – Google Maps  
After several years‘ apart from Ansys， Now I’m trying using it again, in analysis of a pendulum's mode.
I liked a  video  Google Now for iPhone and iPad
同感 
is there any possibility that I could meet the other me when the different branches get ( )
Parallel Universes: Many Worlds:  via @youtube
I liked a  video from   Parallel Universes: Many Worlds
New version of Mac QQ could send picture directly from your iPhone. That's convenient. 
I signed up for Democratic Development on @Coursera!  #democraticdev
北京美国中心 | Embassy of the United States: 
