【一图解读】刘汉的黑色关系网 
Man Framed by Detective Will Get $6.4 Million From New York City After Serving 23 Years for Murder 
Collective Soul - Shine - Acoustic   
December by Collective Soul (lyrics)   
券商零佣金时代来临

刘汉400亿“黑金帝国” 已转移十余亿资产(图) | : 
刘汉弟弟当年北京奥运火炬手照曝光 曾指使杀人(图) | : 
"原湖北省政法委书记吴永文被查处。吴在位期间，曾紧跟前中共政法委书记周永康，被外界称为周永康的马仔。" 
湖北人大副主任吴永文成为2013年第一位落马“高官” 
贪腐涉黑逐步曝光 周永康案性质生变 | : 
“中国最年轻女富豪”刘迎霞被撤销全国政协委员资格
中纪委：还有9只大老虎，打了没公布！ | : 
UB40 - Here I Am  
UB40 - The Way You Do The Things You Do 
Bob Marley - Stir it up  
bob marley - red red wine 
王小丫嫁曹建明 其实是李东生“杰作”(图) | : 
女主播叶迎春：李东升被抓前也曾和她车震(图) | : 
山西吕梁市市长丁雪峰被免职(图/简历) 
She is smart and it works! :) 
Chief reverses discipline for SPD officer who threatened journalist  via 
Phil Collins - Another Day In Paradise 
R.E.M.-Losing My Religion(With Lyrics) *in the description box*   
四川广元市原副市长吴连奇严重违纪被“双开” 

Tom Petty And The Heartbreakers - I Won't Back Down   
Tom Petty And The Heartbreakers - Refugee   
Tom Petty &amp; Eddie Vedder 
Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers - The Waiting (lyrics)   
Tom Petty - You Got Lucky   
Tom Petty - Learning To Fly - With Lyrics   

George Thorogood - Bad To The Bone

One of my favorite bands : Tom Petty - Runnin' down a Dream - Lyrics   
问题官员接踵落马 专家料新年反腐力度规模更大

中青报：扫黄意在反腐 “官场大地震”刚开始

湖北前首富出狱拟曝大案 发布会被断电(图) | : 
四川政商界“地震” 20多人被调查、免职
图解：冀文林的朋友圈
休斯敦华裔灭门案待破 警方悬赏7万美元缉凶(图) | : 
四川省红十字会原巡视员文家碧被立案调查 
央视沦为中共高层后宫 周永康71岁仍精力充沛(图) | : 
太子党在中国金融业布局 盘点红二代“英雄谱”(图) | : 
传周永康被捕前玩“车震” 对手系央视女主播(组图) | : 
Bruno Mars - Just The Way You Are [OFFICIAL VIDEO 
Maroon 5 - Payphone (Lyrics) ft. Wiz Khalifa   
Gotye - Somebody That I Used To Know  (Lyrics)   
Def Leppard - Hysteria   
Boeing, politicians vow to heal rift with Machinists over  777X

Def Leppard - Pour Some Sugar on Me  
One of greatest bands : 
"..打铁还在自身硬.. " 
发改委：中国电信和联通已就反垄断案进行整改

How to make yummy Ma Po Tofu ?麻婆豆腐 正宗四川家常菜-《贝太新煮艺》中级厨艺
A Bipolar Woman Stuck For Years In Jail Without Ever Being Convicted Of A Crime  via 
陕西政协副主席祝作利涉嫌严重违纪被调查

She's got the look ...
中纪委打老虎：海南副省长冀文林被调查(图) | : 
四川美女富豪卷入贪腐大案 拿地实力超过国企(图) | : 
"..小老百姓特别喜欢看「领导吃什么」的花絮新闻 ..." 
Seattle FBI chief abruptly retires | Local News | The Seattle Times 
Kid's favorite : Homemade Dinner Rolls Recipe - Laura Vitale - Laura in the Kitchen 

复旦投毒案：投毒者林森浩被判死刑(现场高清组图) | : 
Homemade Whole Wheat Sandwich Bread Recipe - Laura Vitale 

How to make Sandwich Bread - Laura Vitale - Laura in the Kitchen 
Japan's provocation  via 
Smooth Santana : 
Peace ! 
Filet Mignon: Recipe: How To Cook: Perfect Filet Mignon: BEST 
为什么老年男人容易出现更多、更严重的心理问题呢？
14th Amendment: Citizenship Rights: via 
I will be there for you! 
Metallica - Nothing Else Matters [Official Music Video]   
Scorpions    -- Still  Loving You   [[  Official    Live   Video  ]]  HD   
Spying is wasting time and money if the target is NOT what you thought !
Enjoy one of the greatest songs: 
盛传是下一个老虎 “尚福林＋137亿”被禁搜索(图) | : 
Bridgestone to plead guilty for auto parts price fix scheme: DOJ 
Enjoy this one ...
辽宁前公安厅长李文喜传双规 被直接带去北京(图) | : 
Forbes ThoughtOfThe Day: “Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world.”GeorgeBernardShaw
Interesting reading : 佛教中的姻缘 

How do you like this song? Huh ? 
Learning an AG business in America: 
Enjoy another one : 
"Only the biggest nerds call other people nerds". 

刘晓庆感慨：“中国女人放弃自己太早了。年过二十五不再谈青春， 年过三十不再谈年轻，年过四十不再谈姿色..." 
"Restrain yourself..."  via 
I have learned all of the interesting American English day-in and day-out :)    via 
Woman Called a ‘Slut’ on Bank of America Credit Card Offer - Yahoo Small Business Advisor  via 
You give love a bad name---
21 years in jail for a crime he didn't commit – The Lead with Jake Tapper -  Blogs 
"Jurors also heard that Davidson had an affair with Spencer’s wife..." 
Ex-Vancouver, Wash., cop wins $9M in wrongful conviction  via 
美国男子坐冤狱近20年 获900万赔偿创历史纪录(图) | : 
不让贪官过完年：季建业被采取强制措施(图) | : 
Fair or  Crappy business ? 美国公司推出“报复”服务让害人者没有好下场 | : 
The 20 Dirtiest Cities in America 
Fourth Amendment: Unreasonable Search and Seizure  via 
The 10 Most Dangerous Cities in the US 
First Amendment: Freedom of Expression and Religion  via 
蒸饺--国宴饺子的花式包法，不要错过噢！
He is right from the start : “strong belief that the Chinese people are just as proud as we Americans are proud.” 
"...容人一步天地宽..." 
南京原市长季建业道德败坏开除党籍 移送司法机关(图) | : 

Forbes Thought Of The Day “ Knowledge comes by taking things apart: analysis.But wisdom comes by putting things together.” John A. Morrison
我的中国：杨华:李娜被逼成国际娜 国内媒体应该先反思 - 由berrywang发表 - 文学城: 
Narrative or Fantasy? 
First-time ruling says government must let defense counsel see applications to secret court. 

Someone stands for what is right and what is wrong!  via 
Poor baby, long way to the top ! :) 
Li Na's brilliant winner's speech - 2014 Australian Open   
No wonder ! :) 
Britain says head of eavesdropping agency to step down  via 
Have you observed abusive leaders? I have !  via 
NSA Spying Isn't Just an Illegal Invasion of Privacy—It Doesn't Stop Terror Attacks  via 
据传日本福岛核电站有内幕 内藏核武研究所(图) | : 
村长镇长穿同一裤子  via 
李克强发火 江泽民罩不住 外交部面临大换血(图) | : 
Forbes : “ The pleasure of life is according to the man that lives it, and not according to the work or place. ” —RalphWaldo Emerson
时事述评：她会是下任德国总理吗？ - 图说冯德兰 - 由goolie发表 - 文学城: 

History to be never (forgotten or repeat) !  via 
Any similarities among these faces ? Of course! 
Facebook to Princeton: You'll be gone by 2021 | Fox News  via @foxnews
Tim Cook Has Strong Words for NSA | Watch the video - Yahoo Good Morning America  via 
"美国如果再不把精力放在治理国内的经济,而任由削减法律和政府管制的，极端资本体制导致的贫富差距的加大,那么,未来的十年将是充满暴力,种族仇视，和教育研究衰败的景象。将会变为首先不适合东亚移民居住的国家,希望美国的政治家能认识到这点." 
Republicans condemn NSA 'dragnet' spying program  via @reuters

Forbes Thought Of The Day
       “ The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. ”
 —  Walter Bagehot
Give Snowden credit for surveillance debate: Google's Schmidt 
"哇，国安局长下课了，这文学城得有多少马甲快遮不住屁股了。" 
China Insurer Ping An Promises to Look Into 'VIP' Investment Product Collapse - MoneyBeat - WSJ  via 
Another bad steal! 
Bad Malware!  
中纪委一天通报七官员落马 为十八大后最多一天
Dude,which century are we living in?
Judge rules Chinese units of Big Four audit firms should be suspended from SEC practice 
新华网评章子怡再胜诉：所谓性丑闻已真相大白(图) | : 
Cuomo to Split JPMorgan N.Y. Settlement Money With Schneiderman  via 
Corner Office Secrets for Staying Innovative | Fox Small Business Center  via 


It Sounds Like China's Ex-Premier Is Scared He'll Be The Next To Go Down In The Country's Big Cor.  via 



证据确凿 温家宝女婿秘密拥有一间离岸公司(图) | : 
J.P. Morgan Chase is pulling out of some deals in China, fearing U.S. investigations 
再战告捷 章子怡诽谤案又胜诉 获39万港元讼费(图) | : 

"北大淫棍案"追踪:梦桃源68女服务员65人已离职(图) | : 

FBI Interviewed Former J.P. Morgan Executive About Foreign Bribery Probe 
Family of China’s ex-premier Wen Jiabao in new financial scandal

Nothing is more exciting than sharing your discoveries with the world!
温家宝女儿也被买通 难怪中南海四面透风!(图) | : 
"...还有疆毒藏毒必开始杀人放火，国际上，菲律宾， 越南，南绑子，日本必有呼应， 不是渔民被捕就是岛屿被占。台毒，运毒，车轮 子就极度兴趣.."
--Fibo5 发表评论于 2014-01-19 08:38:21  
"温贱不办，天理不容。
 请说明27亿，是真的那该枪毙，是假的告《纽约时报》! " --Fibo5 发表评论于 2014-01-19 08:20:53 
"温氏家族长得全是一脸的祸国殃民相，监守自盗，里通外国，陷害忠良，令人发指！没什么可说的，灭族吧！" ---幸福的花花世界 发表评论于 2013-11-17 17:23:31 

一人得道，鸡犬升天，一人当官，全家发财。温家宝女儿 
Forbes Thought Of The Day:
   “ One right and honest definition of business is mutual helpfulness. ”
—  William Feather
Bloggers have First Amendment protections, federal court rules | Fox News  via @foxnews
深度解密：习近平打“大老虎”的精细布局(图) | : 
温家宝在港媒罕见表清白 反腐刀把子已悬到头上(图) | : 
Will Bernanke Keep Printing Money After He Leaves the Fed? | Fox Business  via @foxbusiness

Voted “武大廊”! 




Having fun ...
Why do so many companies want to fire their CEO? 
"I noticed you took 9 months to find a new CEO, and you picked someone who has been a VC for the last 5 years. I'm c…
日本举办华侨春节联欢会 前首相鸠山由纪夫出席致辞
New York State Cracks Down on 'Patent Trolls' 
NSA surveillance does little to prevent terrorism 
Totally! Being there , done that! :) 
Another Mayor Faced Reprisal Over Christie, Files Suggest 
Forbes Thought Of The Day “ It is the good girls who keep the diaries; the bad girls never have the time. ”—  Tallulah Bankhead
ABC News: Legislative subpoenas likely for Gov. Christie aides  via 
New documents show chief official believed NJ lane closings 'abusive' and violated federal law Fox News  via @foxnews
"I was almost eaten by a shark" 


Stop being Fussy, Do something else for a change as an old Chinese saying :萝卜白菜 各有所爱
Forbes Thought Of The Day 
 “ When I give, I give myself. ”—  Walt Whitman
Forbes Thought Of The Day : “ Education is that which remains when one has forgotten everything he learned in school.  ” —  Albert Einstein
The Next Data Privacy Battle May Be Waged Inside Your Car , my car was shipped from New Jersey, needs double-checked..
Media Again Humiliated After Hyping Unreliable ADP Jobs Numbers   via 
班主任(not police) manages student's behaviors for each class in China (High School and below)  via @foxnews
This is simple : Stand up to punch back if anyone violated you ,and wants to insult you constantly !!!  
"失业率高的一笔，自己的人都福利不够发了，还要养你国外的人？" --Vermissen念
Auditing the Fed should be a piece of cake the same as the government of china auditing the Central Bank of the China,Who is objecting that?

Rand Paul Hits Back At Pete King On NSA Spying 

Hire me and I am qualified! 
