网友发柴静成长照片 揭其背景（14P）: 【新唐人2014年2月21日讯】柴静在美国生下女儿，成了美国公民的母亲后，被推到舆论的风头浪尖。有网友发柴静成长照片，揭其家庭背景。... 
楼市撑不住了？人民币半小时内罕见急贬近百点:... 
World Vhong Navarro Former Wife: Vhong in Concert with Vice Ganda, Didn’t Rape Cabanero: Bianca Lapus, Vhong... 
World Vhong Navarro: Roxanne Acosta Cabanero Calls Actor ‘A Monster’: Vhong Navarro is the subject of another... 
DeutschlandWarnstreik am Frankfurter Flughafen beendet: Die Sicherheitsleute am Flughafen Frankfurt/Main haben... 
DeutschlandSchmuggler verstecken 1,4 Tonnen Kokain in Reservereifen: Rund 1,4 Tonnen Kokain hat ein... 
Entertainment Star Wars Episode 7: Jack Reynor Denies ‘Episode VII’ Rumors; Millennium Falcon Getting Built:... 
Entertainment ‘#LegoMovie’ Sequel Set for May 2017: Warner Bros. announced on Feb. 21 that The Lego Movie sequel... 
Somalia President Palace Attacked, Leaves 9 Dead: MOGADISHU, Somalia— Nine al-Shabab militants wearing military... 
North Korean College Entrance Exams to be Computerized: Some voice concerns over the fairness of the exams and... 
DeutschlandDow Jones verliert leicht: Die US-Börsen haben leicht nachgegeben. Der Dow Jones schloss 0,19 Prozent... 
DeutschlandKrisenlösung für Ukraine unterzeichnet: In der Ukraine gibt ein Friedensschluss Hoffnung, dass sich... 
Sports Chiefs’ Dorsey Says Franchise Tag Use Unlikely: KANSAS CITY, Mo.— Chiefs general manager John Dorsey says... 
Tech Half Life 3: Does Leak Indicate Game Being Made?: Is Half Life 3 still being made? A new image posted on a... 
Tech Carolina Kostner Gets Bronze Medal; ‘Olympic Skater Fell Through Ice’ is Satire, No ‘Emergency Crews Attempt’ 
Mersin’de Doktorlar Nükleere Karşı Yürüyüş Başlattı: Mersin Akkuyu’ya yapılması planlanan nükleer santrale dur... 
World Somalia President Palace Attacked, Leaves 9 Dead: MOGADISHU, Somalia— Nine al-Shabab militants wearing... 
Entertainment Curtis Lepore Rape Charge Against Jessi Smiles Dropped: A rape charge filed against Vine star... 
港媒：中共警匪历来一家亲 红黑怎能分清: 2001年，刘汉遇到〝贵人〞，得其帮助。 
China U.N. Rights Activist in Intensive Care, Denied Visits: Fellow activists call on the government to allow her... 
US Cellphone Calls on Planes? Don’t Ask the Feds: WASHINGTON— It looks like the government is more conflicted... 
WirtschaftNew Yorker Schlusskurse am 21.02.2014: Die 30 Aktien des Dow Jones Industrial Index wiesen am... 
DeutschlandSchalker Siegesserie gerissen - 0:0 gegen Mainz: Die Siegesserie des FC Schalke 04 in der... 
Sports Pope Jokes He Might Support Brazil At World Cup: VATICAN CITY— Pope Francis has confronted temptation of... 
Tech CryptoLocker Virus: FBI Warns People About New Malware: A new malware dubbed the “CryptoLocker” holds you... 
SportErgebnisse und Tabelle Fußball-Bundesliga - 22. Spieltag: FC Schalke 04 - FSV Mainz 05 0:0 SC Freiburg - FC... 
SportSchalkes Siegesserie reißt - 0:0 gegen Mainz: Die Siegesserie des FC Schalke 04 im neuen Jahr ist gerissen.... 
Sport1. Bundesliga: Schalke gegen Mainz torlos: Am 22. Spieltag in der Bundesliga haben sich Schalke und Mainz am... 
SportBayern-Basketballer beenden Pleitenserie in Euroleague: Mit einer beeindruckenden Aufholjagd haben die... 
WirtschaftDow-Jones-Index leicht im Minus - Gold legt zu: Zum Wochenausklang hat der Dow-Jones-Index leichte... 
Entertainment MediaTakeOut: Tony Yayo Says He’s Not in G-Unit Anymore: Tony Yayo, the rapper, reportedly said... 
奥巴马会见达赖喇嘛 支持西藏文化传统 
WeltUkraine: Klitschko zeigt sich vorsichtig optimistisch: Der ukrainische Oppositionspolitiker hat sich nach der... 
北京国安局长被免 传受命周永康监视常委: 梁克涉嫌受命监视部分中共中央政治局常委的行踪，并将有关材料提供给周永康。 
The Dalai Lama Visits Washington: The exiled Tibetan spiritual leader meets with President Obama and speaks to a... 
US California Farmers Won’t Get Federal Water: FRESNO, Calif.— Federal officials announced Friday that many... 
DeutschlandSachenbacher-Stehle positiv getestet: Biathletin Evi Sachenbacher-Stehle hat für den ersten Dopingfall... 
DeutschlandSachenbacher-Stehle positiv: Biathletin Evi Sachenbacher-Stehle hat für den ersten Dopingfall bei den... 
DeutschlandPfiffe und Buhrufe gegen Oppositionsführer in Kiew: Mit Pfiffen und Buhrufen haben Zehntausende... 
DeutschlandChef de Mission Vesper: «Diese Warnung war berechtigt»: Chef de Mission Michael Vesper hat nach dem... 
多位访民去309医院看望曹顺利时被抓: 收听 | 【希望之声2014年2月21日】北京人权活动家曹顺利在看守所病危抢救后被转到309医院 
北京国安局局长梁克落马 周永康案触中共敏感区: 【希望之声2014年02月21日讯】2月21日，官方公布了北京国安局局长梁克被免职的消息，但未说明免职原因 
#NoamChomsky, #HugoChávez e o espetáculo #bolivariano: O bolivariano Hugo Chávez apenas elevou a um novo patamar... 
New York Spying on NJ Muslims by NYPD was legal, Says Judge: NEW YORK — A federal judge has ruled that the New... 
每天散步 乳癌风险降三成 
Tech ‘Girl Killed Herself After Dad Posted This to Her Wall’ or ‘Live On Cam While Doing This’ Are Facebook Scams 
Francisco Toro Caracas Chronicles: ‘The Game Changed in Venezuela Last Night’: Francisco Toro of the blog Caracas... 
Entertainment The Following Season 3? Will Fox Show be Renewed or Canceled?: The Following season 2 is almost... 
Entertainment #MadMen Season 7: #Beck Refused Repeated Offers to Score Mad Men Theme: Beck reportedly turned down... 
A bolha chinesa: Não é a primeira vez que veículos da mídia apontam que o crescimento chinês atual é... 
Tech Doom 4 Release Date: ‘Beta’ Will be Included with ‘Wolfenstein: The New Order’: ‘Doom 4’ is still in the... 
World Francisco Toro Caracas Chronicles: ‘The Game Changed in Venezuela Last Night’: Francisco Toro of the blog... 
World Olesya Zhukovska Tweeted ‘I am dying’ After Being Shot in Neck in Ukraine Protest: KIEV, Ukraine — “I am... 
Entertainment The Mindy Project Season 3: Will Fox Show Be Renewed or Canceled?: The Mindy Project season 2 is... 
Opinion Biased #Media Kills Olympic Spirit: #AdelinaSotnikova won the first-ever Olympic gold for #Russia in the... 
中共将军称阴霾防御激光武器 雷翻网络 
Video “Ew!” with Jimmy Fallon, Will Ferrell &amp; First Lady Michelle Obama (Video): Sara and BFF Stacy get healthy... 
Olesya Zhukovska Tweeted ‘I am dying’ After Being Shot in Neck in Ukraine Protest: KIEV, Ukraine — “I am dying,”... 
Ukraine Update: Despite Progress, Some Protesters Won’t Quit Unless Yanukovych Steps Down: KIEV, Ukraine — Anger... 
Venezuela Protests 2014: Madonna Calls President Maduro a Facist: Amid the increasingly violent Venezuela... 
SportErgebnisse und Tabelle 3. Liga - 26. Spieltag: VfB Stuttgart II - Preußen Münster 0:0 Borussia Dortmund II -... 
World Ukraine Update: Despite Progress, Some Protesters Won’t Quit Unless Yanukovych Steps Down: KIEV, Ukraine —... 
DeutschlandGrüne: Koalition mauert in Edathy-Affäre: Das Ansehen von SPD-Chef Sigmar Gabriel und der großen... 
DeutschlandObama plant Telefonat mit Putin über Krise in Ukraine: US-Präsident Barack Obama wird noch heute mit... 
Entertainment The Tomorrow People Season 2? Will CW Series be Renewed or Canceled?: “The Tomorrow People” on CW... 
Entertainment Mimi O’Donnell, Philip Seymour Hoffman Partner, Gets Entire $35M Estate: Mimi O’Donnell, the mother... 
Os mitos do #individualismo: Alguns afirmam que os #libertários ou liberais ignoram os "#valorescompartilhados" e... 
Video Katy Perry – Dark Horse (feat. Juicy J) (Official Video): “Dark Horse” was released on September 17, 2013.... 
Tech ‘Man Dies After Secret 4-Year Battle With Gorilla’ Satire: Some Thought it Was Real: An article from satire... 
SportUnion bleibt oben dran - In Cottbus gehen Lichter aus: Mit dem ersten Sieg nach der Winterpause hat Union... 
World Venezuela Protests 2014: Madonna Calls President Maduro a Facist: Amid the increasingly violent Venezuela... 
DeutschlandUnion Berlin punktet im Aufstiegskampf: Mit einem Sieg hat Union Berlin seine Aufstiegsambitionen in... 
Entertainment Orange is the New Black Season 2 Spoilers and Preview: The Orange is the New Black season 2... 
青蛙王子高凌风子女分遗产 前妻谈判: 据台湾媒体报道，台湾知名艺人、“青蛙王子”高凌风告别式定在3月12日举行，而他留下多少财产？继承者们展开清算争产 
Sportdpa-Nachrichtenüberblick Sport: Vesper: Dopingfall Sachenbacher-Stehle belastet Olympia-Team Der Dopingfall... 
Sport2. Bundesliga: Aue gewinnt Ost-Derby gegen Cottbus: Am 22. Spieltag in der 2. Liga hat der FC Erzgebirge Aue... 
SportErgebnisse und Tabelle 2. Bundesliga - 22. Spieltag: 1. FC Union Berlin - FSV Frankfurt 2:0 (1:0) Arminia... 
SportUnion bleibt oben dran - In Cottbus gehen Lichter aus: Mit dem ersten Sieg nach der Winterpause hat Union... 
'This Film Shows Contemporary Chinese Society as Very Violent': Film critic Wang Xiaorong gives her view of the... 
China: Razzia unter Zhou Yongkangs Helfern 

New York #LIRR Unions Hopeful in Reaching Agreement with MTA: NEW YORK–Long Island Railroad labor unions held a... 
Sports Tonya Harding, Nancy Kerrigan Story: Kerrigan Looks Back 20 Years: SOCHI, Russia (AP) — Nancy Kerrigan... 
Sports Julie Chu Married? Does Chu Have Husband or Boyfriend?: Julie Chu, an American hockey player, was just... 
DeutschlandVesper: Dopingfall Sachenbacher-Stehle belastet Olympia-Team: Der Dopingfall Evi Sachenbacher-Stehle... 
DeutschlandBericht: Mindestlohn bringt Bundestagsabgeordneten Extrazuschlag: Die geplante Einführung eines... 
Sports Action Express Quickest Again at #TUSC Winter Test: #SEBRING, Fla.—The #5 Action Express Coyote-Corvette... 
Sports Brad Jacobs Curling: Wife Shawna Jacobs Cheers Husband at Olympics: Brad Jacobs, the star of the Canadian... 
香港铁路事故频发 大陆产绝缘体受调查: 香港铁东铁线因绝缘体受损而导致十天日内发生两次电力故障停电，数以万计的市民出行受影响，港铁日前透露，有问题的绝缘体来自中国内地制造的产品 
Food-Dining Turning #Fish-Selling Into an Art: When I recently asked longtime fish #importer and distributor... 
Science Can Fracking Become Greener? A Talk with Halliburton’s Tech Team: As a leader in the hydraulic fracturing... 
Human Rights Defenders (人权卫士): 曹顺利病重昏迷警方逼家人申请接走 (Rights activist Cao Shunli in critical condition after months in... 
Hukou (户口): 户籍制度改革的新契机 (New juncture for household registration reforms) Caijing, February 21, 2014... 
Hong Kong (香港): Hong Kong may amend its race hate law to protect mainland visitors South China Morning Post,... 
Environment (环境): 北京发出二级空气污染警报 (Beijing issues second degree pollution warning) Voice of America, February 21,... 
Information Control (信息控制): A chilling phone call adds to hurdles of publishing Xi Jinping book 余杰《中国教父习近平》出版再受阻... 
Labor (劳工): Wu Guijun trial tests China's tolerance of workers' strikes Financial Times, February 20, 2014... 
XUAR (新疆维吾尔自治区): Advocate for Uighurs seems to have foretold detention 维族学者土赫提预言自己被捕应验 The New York Times,... 
Tibet (西藏): 中国敦促奥巴马取消会见达赖计划 China urges Obama to cancel meeting with Dalai Lama Reuters, February 21, 2014 CN:... 
Population (人口): 北京市卫计委主任：今天起单独二孩即合法 (New one-child policy starts today in Beijing, gov't expects 40K-50K new... 
Opinion (观点): Chinese government must close gap between rhetoric and reality Jurist, February 16, 2014... 
DeutschlandItaliens designierter Regierungschef Renzi stellt Kabinett vor: Italiens designierter... 
Entertainment The Blacklist Spoilers for Season 1 Episodes 14 and 15 (+Air Dates, Times): The Blacklist season 1... 
录音曝光 中共黑社会式巨额敲诈法轮功学员: 收听 |... 
Cientistas desenvolvem #ossosintético para aplicação espacial: Cientistas na Alemanha estão utilizando uma... 
Sports Jessica Smith, US Speedskater, Gets Fourth in Olympic Final: SOCHI, Russia—Park Seung-hi of South Korea... 
Entertainment Jeffrey Simon Hubbard Guilty in Usher Son Lake Crash: GAINESVILLE, Ga. (AP) — A man has been... 
乌克兰将提前大选 削减总统权力: 在美国，欧盟等国际社会对乌克兰政府的谴责与制裁声浪中，乌克兰总统亚努科维奇2月21号宣布，与反对派就结束国内危机达成“和平协议”，包括提前举行总统大选，组成全国团结政府以及修改宪法削减总统的权力 
晨间新闻2月21日 星期五: 收听 | 
江西教师性侵案7受害家庭起诉4被告: 【希望之声2014年02月20号消息】近年来，中共教育界教师、校长性侵幼女的报道频繁见诸媒体 
O pior muro é o que não se quer ver ou derrubar: O #MurodeBerlim pode ter fisicamente caído há 20 anos, mas será... 
US California Six States: Map of Proposal: LOS ANGELES—California has reached the breaking point, says Tim... 
WeltDie letzten Samurai und heiße Quellen + Fotos: Wer verliert neben seiner Ehre auch noch gern seinen Kopf? Die... 
Sports German Athlete Fails Doping Test, Along with Italian Athlete: SOCHI, Russia—A top German biathlete and an... 
Entertainment Lil Boosie Release Date: When’s Rapper Really Getting Out? Fake Article About Child Support, Jail... 
Food-Dining US #OliveOil Industry Pushing Government to Test Imported Oils: WASHINGTON—It’s a pressing matter for... 
中国百元假钞横行 小心M3W9字头:... 
Sports Jamie Benn Scores First Goal in USA vs Canada Olympic Game: Jamie Benn scored the first goal in the USA vs... 
Sports Olympic Figure Skating Winner: Petition Calls for Investigation After Adelina Sotnikova Beat Yuna Kim: A... 
DeutschlandVW-Konzern 2013 mit Rekordergebnissen: Mit einem starken Schlussquartal hat Europas größter Autobauer... 
Entertainment Bob Casale Dies: Devo Gutiarist Dead From Heart Attack at 61: NEW YORK (AP) — Bob Casale, the... 
Você gosta de pagar #imposto?: Comodamente aposentado atrás de uma seteira, prossigo minha palpação, percussão e... 
SportSachenbacher-Stehle bestätigt positive Dopingprobe: Die Skilangläuferin und Biathletin Evi... 
US Versatile TV Journalist Garrick Utley Dies at 74: NEW YORK— Veteran TV journalist Garrick Utley, whose... 
WirtschaftVW-Konzern 2013 mit Rekordergebnissen: Mit einem starken Schlussquartal hat Europas größter Autobauer... 
Drei Gefolgsmänner von Chinas Ex-Stasi-Chef verhaftet: Drei hochrangige Verhaftungen im Fall Zhou Yongkang:... 
DeutschlandVater verrät Namen von Prinzessin Madeleines Tochter nicht =: Die Tochter von Prinzessin Madeleine von... 
DeutschlandUkrainischer Präsident Janukowitsch verliert immer mehr Abgeordnete: Dem ukrainischen Präsidenten... 
Opinion Ending Organ Pillaging / Trafficking in China: 17 February, 2014 Honourable members of the Knesset,... 
Entertainment Big Daddy V, AKA Nelson Frazier Jr., Dies of Heart Attack; Was Viscera, King Mabel: Big Daddy V, a... 
chinaEnding Organ Pillaging / Trafficking in China: 17 February, 2014 Honourable members of the Knesset, Permit... 
Fontes de transplantes de órgãos não identificadas na #China são comuns: Segundo a equipe médica do Hospital... 
SportNur noch 160.000 Tickets für Fußball-WM zu haben: Nach einer weiteren Verkaufsphase sind nun insgesamt schon... 
US Lake Mary High School Shooting: Shots Reportedly Fired in Florida: Shots were reportedly fired at Lake Mary... 
chinaDrei Gefolgsmänner von Chinas Ex-Stasi-Chef verhaftet: Drei hochrangige Verhaftungen im Fall Zhou Yongkang:... 
DeutschlandWetter: Wind lässt im Binnenland nach: In der Nacht zu Samstag lässt der Wind im Binnenland nach, im... 
DeutschlandHöfl-Riesch verpasst als Slalom-Vierte weitere Olympia-Medaille: Maria Höfl-Riesch hat bei den... 
Entertainment Premio Lo Nuestro 2014 Full Winners List [+Photos]: The Premio Lo Nuestro 2014 awards saw many... 
2月22日零点新闻: 收听 | 听众朋友好，这里是希望之声天下纵横节目，我是李玉涵 
Tech iPhone 6 Rumors: Release Date Could be in Fall; ‘Sketchy’ Report Says New Device Won’t Have ‘iPhone’ Brand:... 
Sports Mikaela Shiffrin, US Skier, Wins Gold Medal in Slalom at 2014 Olympics: KRASNAYA POLYANA, Russia—Mikaela... 
DeutschlandChirurgen warnen vor Krankenhauskeimen: Der Berufsverband der Deutschen Chirurgen hat vor den... 
DeutschlandBund will nach Testbetrieb-Aus Klarheit von Hauptstadtflughafen: Nach der Absage des geplanten... 
党媒暗指习近平要严打刘汉“保护伞”: 【希望之声2014年02月21日讯】四川省原政协常委、四川汉龙集团董事局原主席刘汉因涉嫌故意杀人、涉黑等罪名遭湖北咸宁市检方起诉 
Video 4 Chipotle Burritos &amp; A Diet Coke for Lunch? (Video): How long  is your lunch? This guy’s lunch is not... 
SportHöfl-Riesch verpasst Medaille im Slalom: Bei den Olympischen Winterspielen hat Maria Höfl-Riesch eine... 
WirtschaftDAX: Schlusskurse im XETRA-Handel am 21.02.2014: An der Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse wurden im... 
Sports Hulk Hogan WWE Return Slated for February 24: Hulk Hogan is returning to the WWE, and his re-debut is... 
Deutschlanddpa-Nachrichtenüberblick Politik: Durchbruch in Kiew: Krisenlösung für Ukraine unterzeichnet... 
DeutschlandObama empfängt Dalai Lama im Weißen Haus - Medien ausgeschlossen: Trotz massiver Proteste aus Peking... 
DeutschlandDAX: Schlusskurse im XETRA-Handel am 21.02.2014: An der Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse wurden im... 
DeutschlandUkrainisches Parlament macht Weg für Timoschenkos Freilassung frei: Das ukrainische Parlament hat die... 
DeutschlandDie Erklärung des DOSB: Der Deutsche Olympische Sportbund (DOSB) hat am Freitag bei den Winterspielen... 
DeutschlandDurchbruch in Kiew: Krisenlösung für Ukraine unterzeichnet: Durchbruch in der Ukraine: Präsident... 
DeutschlandHintergrund: Verunreinigte Nahrungsergänzungsmittel: Mit Dopingsubstanzen verunreinigte... 
Video He Walked Into A Segregated Library. He Wanted To Be An Astronaut. Mission Accomplished. (Video): In the... 
A iminente crise de #água na #China: Grande atenção tem sido dada às consequências negativas da #poluição... 
Obama, Dalai Lama Hold Talks Despite Beijing's Warning: The talks proceed amid warnings by China that they will... 
Ukraine Updates: New Parliament Votes to Release Opposition Figure Yulia Tymoshenko: KIEV, Ukraine—Ukraine’s... 
World Ukraine Updates: New Parliament Votes to Release Opposition Figure Yulia Tymoshenko: KIEV,... 
WirtschaftDAX beendet Woche mit Plus: An der Frankfurter Aktienbörse haben die deutschen Standardtitel am Freitag... 
Workout of the week: The Awesome Foursome: Nobody really has time to exercise. So the reality is if you’re always... 
WeltUkrainisches Parlament macht Weg für Freilassung Timoschenkos frei: Das ukrainische Parlament hat den Weg für... 
Health Workout of the week: The Awesome Foursome: Nobody really has time to exercise. So the reality is if you’re... 
DeutschlandDOSB: Sachenbacher-Stehle positiv auf Stimulans Methylhexanamin: Biathletin Evi Sachenbacher-Stehle... 
DeutschlandDOSB: Positiv auf Stimulans Methylhexanamin gestestet: Biathletin Evi Sachenbacher-Stehle ist bei den... 
DeutschlandEil +++ Ukrainisches Parlament bereitet Freilassung Timoschenkos vor: Das ukrainische Parlament hat... 
DeutschlandDie Erklärung von Sachenbacher-Stehle: Die Biathletin Evi Sachenbacher-Stehle hat in einer vom ihrem... 
东京图书馆250本纳粹历史书籍遭人撕毁: 【希望之声2014年02月21日讯】据中广报道，最近一个月，有人在31家东京图书馆，共撕毁250本“安妮日记”，东京警方已经展开调查 
京津冀地区空气污染将持续上升: 【希望之声2014年02月21日讯】20日中国气象局与环境保护部首次联合发布京津冀这三个地区空气重污染黄色预报 
#Facebook aposta US$ 19 bilhões no #WhatsApp: caro ou não?: A #aquisição de US$ 19 bilhões do serviço de... 
Tech ‘Kangaroo Got Them Hands’ Video: ‘Kangaroo vs Man Boxing Match’ Goes Viral: A video published on YouTube and... 
WeltEil +++ Ukrainisches Parlament stimmt für Freilassung von Timoschenko: Die dts Nachrichtenagentur in... 
DeutschlandVerdi legt mit Warnstreik Frankfurter Flughafen lahm: Mit einem Warnstreik der privaten... 
DeutschlandSachenbacher-Stehle bestätigt positiven Dopingtest: Biathletin Evi Sachenbacher-Stehle hat ihren... 
DeutschlandEil +++ Sachenbacher-Stehle bestätigt positiven Dopingtest: Biathletin Evi Sachenbacher-Stehle hat... 
乌克兰民众大举推倒列宁塑像 总统众叛亲离: 【希望之声2014年02月21日讯】美国之音报道，莫斯科 — 又有一大批列宁塑像最近几天在乌克兰各地被推倒 
Life Born to be Friends (Video): “They fight like cats and dogs.” No. Dogs and cats can form fast friendships.... 
Video Born to be Friends (Video): “They fight like cats and dogs.” No. Dogs and cats can form fast friendships.... 
Hainan Traditional Dragon Dance Banned After Clash With Riot Police: Local officials say police in full riot gear... 
DeutschlandFahrgäste schieben Zug nach Panne wieder an: Einen liegengebliebenen Zug haben Fahrgäste in Bayern... 
DeutschlandBundestagsabgeordnete erhalten Extrazuschlag dank Mindestlohn: Die geplante Einführung eines... 
DeutschlandVerteidigungspolitiker sehen Rüstungsrisiken in Milliardenhöhe: Berlin (dpa) – Verteidigungspolitiker... 
DeutschlandTürkei schafft Sondergerichte ab: Das türkische Parlament hat die Abschaffung der international... 
DeutschlandKarlsruhe weist Anfrage zu Homo-Adoptionsrecht ab: Schwule und lesbische Paare müssen weiter auf das... 
DeutschlandStaffel-Debakel für deutsche Biathletinnen: Die deutschen Biathlon-Damen haben auch in der Staffel... 
传政协除名女商人刘迎霞 涉周永康案外围:... 
China Uncensored: Will US Fight China’s Internet Censorship?: The United States intervening in China”s Internet... 
O partido das massas e a demolição moral da #oposição: O #PartidodosTrabalhadores se constituiu na tradição de... 
chinaChina Uncensored: Will US Fight China’s Internet Censorship?: The United States intervening in China”s... 
WirtschaftEx-Pleitekandidat Fannie Mae verdient 84 Milliarden Dollar: Der in der Finanzkrise von der US-Regierung... 
WirtschaftSorten- und Devisenkurse am 21.02.2014: Folgende Sorten- und Devisenkurse wurden am 21.02.2014 um 16:30... 
WeltSpanien: ETA kündigt Teilentwaffnung an: Die baskische Untergrundorganisation ETA hat eine Teilentwaffnung... 
Sports Redskins’ Fred Davis Charged With DWI: VIENNA, Va.— Authorities in northern Virginia say Washington... 
DeutschlandUkrainisches Parlament stimmt für Rückkehr zu alter Verfassung: Das ukrainische Parlament hat mit... 
DeutschlandEx-Pleitekandidat Fannie Mae verdient 84 Milliarden Dollar: Der in der Finanzkrise von der... 
WissenBrustkrebs-Screening: Erfolg durch frühe Erkennung der Tumore: Nach der flächendeckenden Einführung des... 
chinaChina Uncensored: Will US Fight China’s Internet Censorship?: The United States intervening in China”s... 
Video China Uncensored: Will US Fight China’s Internet Censorship?: The United States intervening in China”s... 
SportOlympia: Auch italienischer Athlet positiv auf Doping getestet: Bei den Olympischen Winterspielen im... 
chinaChina Uncensored: Will US Fight China’s Internet Censorship?: The United States intervening in China”s... 
