RT : 英国、法国、加拿大多家报纸披露国际调查记者同盟(ICIJ)对一批密件中有关中国部分的报道。密档显示，至少5名中共政治局现任或前任常委的亲属有离岸注册公司，包括习近平的姐夫、温家宝的儿子和女婿。中文全文 经@…
RT : 郑重推荐这篇文章，信息量极丰富。该图表可以在人物点击展开。RT   离岸图总汇图（出处　 …）：自己上网看！ 
Must READ!- 中国秘密离岸避税港一一中国政府官员、太子党和富商如何为其资产避税  via 
RT : 邓小平女婿——吴建常离岸图： 
RT : 李鹏女儿——李小琳离岸图： 
 Great piece! thanks
Bingo! - RT  And now we know why the Guardian was mysteriously blocked in China 
       China’s Elite Master the Secret Offshore Cash Stash 
      China’s Elite Master the Secret Offshore Cash Stash 
MUST READ!- China’s Elite Master the Secret Offshore Cash Stash INCLUDING XI JINPING'S FAMILY!   via 
WOW!!! - RT  RT : Pussy Riot's freed members are booked for an  concert featuring  
RT : Countdown clock RT : 9 days before  reporter  will have to leave #China b/c govt won't give him …
RT : 审刘晓波的地儿吧。RT : 北京市第一中级人民法院所在的八宝山地铁站。“强烈要求无罪释放许志永”。#freeXuzhiyong   
RT : : Activists nr Beijing No.1 Court Tues: Strongly demand the release of the innocent Xu Zhiyong #freeXuzhiyong http://t.co…
“: This is where Li Dongsheng worked: The 610 Office: Policing the Chinese Spirit  -- Freedom House ”
  RT  Adam Dant’s beautiful map of London’s coffee houses via .  …”
RT : Now we’re so interdependent, we need to build trust and confidence. On a national or personal level self-centredness is a so…
RT : HRW World Report 2014. #China: New Leaders Fail on Rights. "Meet the New Boss, Same as the Old (Authoritarian) Boss?" htt…
’s annual look @ human rights issue, essays, video, pictures &amp; country-by-country review -China starts  319 
”
“: Major internet outage hits millions in China, cyberattacks suspected | South China Morning Post ”
RT : As a teenager I saw #MLK speak in Chicago &amp; shook his hand. He urged us to stay engaged with the cause of justice. As v…
RT : ＃许志永 案明天（22日）上午九点在#北京 第一中级人民法院第23法庭开庭审理 ＃新公民运动 
RT : #XuZhiyong trial begins tmrw (Jan 22) at 9am in courtroom #23, #Beijing No. 1 Intermediate Court  #newc…
Petition for the Immediate Release of Professor Ilham Tohti
RT  北京时间21日10时"关于要求立即释放伊力哈木教授的联署"    人数达到1000人
 RT  北京时间21日10时，"关于要求立即释放伊力哈木教授的联署"    人数达到1000人。 #savingIlham
RT  Placing flower in his bike  studio until he is free to travel.
 #peacefulprotest #whereismypassport?
RT : 从2013年11月30日开始，每天早晨，我在草场地258号工作室门外的自行车车篮中放置一束鲜花，直至我恢复自由旅行的权利。第53天，2014年1月21日。


Wen jiabo Humble? I think not!- RT  Wen Jiabao Next Graft Target?

SHOUTING WTF! MUST READ- World's 85 richest people own nearly half of global wealth: Oxfam report -The Economic Times 
RT  截止一月20日，维吾尔学者伊力哈木·土赫提仍然被警方扣留，中国国内媒体大肆称学者伊力哈木·土赫提为分裂分子，国内网友热血沸腾。 
Fav Quote on MLK day- RT "Life's most persistent and urgent question is: 'What are you doing for others?'" - MLK #volunteering
RT : 【维吾尔在线简讯】至今，即一月21日，被带走无法取得联系的学生有，民大在读研究生帕尔哈提·哈力木拉提、人大在读研究生肖合来提、留学生穆塔里普·依明、民大往届毕业生地里夏提、民大大四阿卜杜凯尤木·阿不力米提、民大大四阿提克木·肉孜，其他几位下落不明，…
RT  Placing flowers in his bike  studio until he is free to travel.
 #peacefulprotest #whereismypassport?
RT  从2013年11月30日开始，每天早晨，我在草场地258号工作室门外的自行车车篮中放置一束鲜花，直至我恢复自由旅行的权利。第52天，2014年1月20日。


Just crazy! “: 中国最大特色就是那一抹血红，不拭去这一页无未来可言！ ”
RT : 今日【博】南华早报专访出版译著《Voices from Tibet》的我们（Two's company: dissident literary couple Tsering Woeser and Wang Lixiong）http://t.co/3S5M…
RT  Placing flowers in his bike  studio until he's free 2 travel.
 #peacefulprotest #whereismypassport? day51
RT  从2013年11月30日开始，每天早晨，我在草场地258号工作室门外的自行车车篮中放置一束鲜花，直至我恢复自由旅行的权利。第51天，2014年1月19日。


Allrighty then…RT Dennis Rodman has checked into alcohol rehab a source close to former NBA star tells CNN. 
LOVE- MT  Spotted near the @penamerican office on Broadway in  SoHo: "reading gives you superpowers" 
Right on! MT@aliklay Rock icon sticks to his principles China rocker Cui Jian quits state TV show over Tiananmen song 
RT : Satellite photo of Tibet RT : seen from #ISS, Jan 9, 1000-mm  
RT  Defense Lawyers Oppose Trying the New Citizens Movement Cases as Arbitrarily Separated Cases 
RT  The Process of Ilham’s Being Taken from His Home Yesterday by Xinjiang and Beijing Police 
RT  Placing flowers in his bike @258studio until he's free to travel
 #peacefulprotest #whereismypassport? day 50
RT  从2013年11月30日开始，每天早晨，我在草场地258号工作室门外的自行车车篮中放置一束鲜花，直至我恢复自由旅行的权利。第50天，2014年1月18日。


Beautiful shot.- RT  对于为本民族的生存和尊严呐喊，你和伊力哈木在维藏两个民族中有相同的地位和价值。 这张与伊力哈木的合影，我觉得是最好。。 
This was a amazing night hearing her poems and see her video- RT  FREE LIU XIA 还刘霞自由 
 
Must see-RT Video “Free Liu Xia” event here in #NYC organized by ,  , Friends of Liu Xiaobo, 
 Great piece!-   Xu Zhiyong trial: arrests won't stop change, fellow activist says | via  
  RT  Amy Goodman to speak in Kyoto &amp; Tokyo! Info:   (in Japanese) 
#broken!
Ugghh...RT  That is all. 'No one expects China to have an open debate about their surveillance practices.' #CN #iNSAgram
Oh there you go he, finally mentioned China.  Do we have a leg to stand on any more talking about Chinese spying? #NSA
 Using the "confident" a lot today.  Anybody feel confident that our personal info is not being misused and spied on by #NSA ?
RT :  @motherjones Carefully worded there.  Essentially, "the NSA is not doing anything we're not telling them to do." N…
Our work protects our close friends??  Hummm lets ask Germany's  #AngelaMerkel
RT : Obama completely unclear about who is going to hold metadata in future. If it's still the govt, does that really respect our p…
 Sorry  #noconfidence
 Our privacy protected??? What privacy? #NSA
RT  Can  just sell the #NSA to China? It could lower our national debt. #TROT #TCOT #Genius
RT : Obama: "The standards for government surveillance must be higher" than corporate data collection
RT : Obama is right that lots of other govts conduct surveillance without regard to privacy, too. But their hypocrisy doesn't justi…
I am afraid you are right! - RT  Long winded from Obama, trying to please every constituency.
WHAT? RT  Obama: NSA employees "are not abusing authorities in order to listen to your private phone calls, or read your emails"
You've gone to far!- RT President Obama U.S. intelligence post-9/11:"We demanded intelligence community improve its capabilities.
RT  President Obama is speaking now. WATCH LIVE:  
 Scholar arrested in China could face life in prison: Human Rights Watch 
RT : Must see  reporting for  feat. interview w #Uighur scholar  …
This is just crazy!- Beijing residents watch sunrise on giant commercial screens  via 
RT : US is concerned by reports that Beijing police have taken into custody prominent professor Ilham #Tohti. http://t.co/ha9…
RT  Beijing's detention of Uighur professor Ilham #Tohti worries U.S.  #China
- BBC News - Children denied an identity under China's one-child policy 
Here's what Obama should do about the NSA   via 
RT : 张庆方律师：“法院通知，本月22日上午9点，本（许志永）案在一中院23法庭开庭审理。法庭非常小，没有旁听座位，被告人家属也只有两个旁听席，并且要提供亲属关系证明。” 我恳请在京的外交官、国际媒体记者、关注新公民案件的朋友集聚北京一中院。#FreeXuZh…
RT  Reuters: China questions officials linked to ex-strongman in graft probe. 
RT  You can’t help someone just by making a wish to do so, you have to take action.
RT : Photos from AP of  wife, Guzelnur &amp; mother at Beijing home on Jan 16.  Article by @gillia…
Ugh….RT  The Best Way to Reenact the Titanic Is at a Chinese Theme Park 
WOW! Hundreds of Tibetan Protesters Demand Release of Detained Monks 
Hunan Police Delete Chinese Filmmaker's Documentary Footage 
@Uighurbiz - Uyghur Scholar, Mother Detained in Beijing 
8 Uighur students were summoned-  RT  伊力哈木被刑拘 8名维族学生遭传唤

RT : 维吾尔在线（）报道，2014年1月15日，中央民族大学维吾尔学者伊力哈木·土赫提（Ilham Tohti）被新疆公安厅人员从家里带走，同日，数名民族大学学生被新疆公安厅传唤。 
http://t.co/7…
RT  伊力哈木被警方带走，外交部称其涉"违法案件"伊力哈木被警方带走外交部称其涉违法案件/a-17365379
RT  ‘Airpocalypse’ Smog Hits Beijing at Dangerous Levels  by 
 Tonight the #WestVillage #NYC is asking #whereismypassport?  It is time he gets it back!
#CCP #timeistickin 
RT : 1 in 3 women live at or on the brink of poverty in the US. 28 million children depend on them.   h…
 Totally!  Hope it makes some kind of difference.
RT  Disappearance of Ilham Tohti 

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE
Office of the Spokesperson... 
RT  Placing flowers in his bike  studio until he is free to travel. 
 #peacefulprotest #whereismypassport?
RT  从2013年11月30日开始，每天早晨，我在草场地258号工作室门外的自行车车篮中放置一束鲜花，直至我恢复自由旅行的权利。第49天，2014年1月17日。



Hope not- RT It looks very bad for Ilham Tohti detained yesterday. Arguably a consequence of Xi endorsing a v. hardline #Xinjiang
#CCP how about doing something for your people #CLEANUPTHEAIR! Beijing hit with blanket of poisonous smog 
“: 在伊力哈木于昨日被警察带走之后，他创办的维吾尔在线网站（ ）已被消失，维吾尔在线的推特（）也无法更新。”
China detains prominent Uighur scholar for "breaking the law"  via @reuters”
RT : 维吾尔在线的推特可以发内容了吗？“      ”
 Stay strong, the whole world is watching and supporting you! Xo
RT : 新疆公安厅人员搜查我们房子的各个角落，电脑，手机，一些书籍甚至他给学生布置的期末卷子都被他们带走。目前，我得知民大有6名学生被传唤，还有穆塔力浦伊明和人大学生肖克来提也被传唤。这8名学生当中4名下落不明，其中3名宿舍被搜查，电脑手机等物品被带走后被…
RT : 我担心我老公 ，更担心这些无辜学生的安全。我老公一直致力于促进维汉交流，倡导人权，他是个有良知的知识分子，从来没有做过任何非法事情。我呼吁并请求各界朋友关注这些无辜学生的境遇，他们的家人，朋友等给我提供消息，表示很担心。望朋…
Wow thanks for post this! “: 還有這裡：   ”
RT : No end to #China's notorious re-education camps  "You just change the sign at the entrance of the cam…
RT Tiananmen 89 activists launch months-long hunger strike 2 call for Beijing accountability  
RT  Placing flowers in his bike  studio until he is free to travel.
 #peacefulprotest #whereismypassport?
RT  从2013年11月30日开始，每天早晨，我在草场地258号工作室门外的自行车车篮中放置一束鲜花，直至我恢复自由旅行的权利。第48天，2014年1月16日。


Feel so bad for everyone there.  Breath carefully! xo RT  空气净化器要脱销了。帝都有很多钞票和黄金，只是缺空气，缺干净的水和食物。
WTF! $600,000, &amp; bonus  could double &amp; 36 mill in stock Marissa Mayer's 1st Hire Yahoo COO Henrique De Castro Is Out 
 Best interview I have read!  "The relationship between the Chinese government and me is like a Cold War"  #truth
RT  Uighur scholar Ilham Tohti's car rammed and family threatened for talking to press.  
RT : Uighur scholar Ilham Tohti taken away by police yesterday says Woeser MT  1月15日下午3点半，北京中央民族大学教师、维吾尔学者伊力哈木·土赫提，与母亲被警…
This article is a must Read! Very well written -This is how China treats the wife of a Nobel peace prize winner  
ATTENTION- MT  Ilham Tohti,prominent Uyghur scholar/ activist &amp; his mom were taken away from Beijing by Xinjiang PSB,3:30pm today.
RT : Poets pay tribute to colleague under house arrest in China by reading her poems. #FreeLiuXia  http:/…
Xi's challenge: Resolving identity crisis? 
: Please leave a message of love, friendship and support for Liu Xia on this link by Amnesty International:. 
Secret video of China Nobel's wife screens in NYC 
RT  Placing flower in his bike  studio until he is free to travel
 #peacefulprotest #whereismypassport? day47
RT  从2013年11月30日开始，每天早晨，我在草场地258号工作室门外的自行车车篮中放置一束鲜花，直至我恢复自由旅行的权利。第47天，2014年1月15日。


RT : 2014年1月14日中文独立笔会、美国笔会及刘晓波之友会联合主办的"还刘霞自由"活动照片。 
1of many never heard poems by #LiuXia both CN &amp; English -"Word"     #freeliuXia 
1of many never heard poems by #LiuXia both CN &amp; English - "Untitled"      
1of many never heard poems by #LiuXia both CN &amp; English - "Fragment No 8"      
1of many never heard poems by #LiuXia both CN &amp; English - "One Night"      
1of many never heard poems by #LiuXia  both CN &amp; English - "A Grapefruit"      
1of many never heard poems by #LiuXia both CN &amp; English - " I Sit Here"      
Video of #liuXia reading her own poems in her home- RT  刘霞和她的诗《无题》及《喝酒》，诗及录像均创作于2013年12月12日，在2014年1月1... 
1of many never heard poems by #LiuXia both CN &amp; English - "Empty Chairs"      
 Hey B, look at my feed I am putting many of the poems up in both CN and Eng can you RT? thanks xo
1 of many never heard poems by #LiuXia in both CN &amp; English -     
1of many never heard poems by #LiuXia in both CN &amp; English -"Another Kind of Death"  @hu_Jia     
1 of many never heard poems by #LiuXia in both CN &amp; English - June 2nd - For Xiaobo....
@hu_Jia  @iguangchen 
RT  Video of #liuXia in her home/prison writing her poems #freedomforchina thx    
Video of #liuXia in her home/prison writing her poems #freedomforchina thx   
#liuxia poetry so hauntingly sad and beautiful some of the readers brought to tears. 
An amazing night with never seen and heard Visio an  unbelievable poetry by Liu Xia #freeliuXia&amp;liuXiaobo 
RT 独立中文笔会、美国笔会和刘晓波之友会将于14日晚上6时到8时，在Roosevelt House @HunterCollege (47-49 East 65th St,NY）联合举办“刘霞诗作朗诵及其最新录影播映：还刘霞自由”活动。活动免费向公众开放.
 Great piece! Han Dongfang, Founder and Director, 'China Labour Bulletin'  
RT  Han Dongfang on his life, work and why he chose to write his autobiography in French. - France 24 
RT : Read more from Woeser  about the history and "modernisation" of Tromsikhang, #Lhasa  http://t.co/d…
RT : 漫画【道歉你妹】宋彬彬，颂要武，送道歉。呵呵，至于你信不信，反正我不信。#文革 #毛泽东 #道歉 #定推 #巴丢草 
RT : Xi Jinping issues decree ordering military to give up luxury marques and buy local brands such as Red Flag http://t.co/vQ9Bpyb…
Free Liu Xia: A Reading and Screening of Never-Before Seen Footage of Detained Chinese Poet 
 let me know if I can help with it.
 do you know do they have an office you can pick it up?  Where did they take it?
 nice English! :)
RT A baby girl was born today to the wife of  lawyer Xu Zhiyong, who is in prison for leading anti-corruption campaigns”
Crazy! “: American Journalist Expelled From Russia ”
“: 许志永夫人于1月13日23时50分顺产一健康女婴 ，重七斤一两。许博士入狱已经五个月，希望他早日见到宝贝女儿。父亲见不到女儿的第一声啼哭，女儿睁眼看世界的时候看不到父亲的样子。一痛。”
“: 教育平权的家长们今晨转发：“许志永夫人于2014年1月13日23时50分顺产一健康女婴 ，重七斤一两。”以此慰藉囹圄中关押已近半年的许志永。”
“: Placing flowers in his bike  studio until he is free to travel
 #peacefulprotest #whereismypassport? Day46
RT : 从2013年11月30日开始，每天早晨，我在草场地258号工作室门外的自行车车篮中放置一束鲜花，直至我恢复自由旅行的权利。第46天，2014年1月14日。


 Michael Congratulations!!! He is adorable! So happy for you! Xo
RT : 放人RT 12m 政府总部，为营救无辜被捕的丈夫杨匡，绝食进入第九天。 
Bowed and Remorseful, Former Red Guard Recalls Teacher's Death 
“: In what officials call a blow to "separatists," China says it prosecuted 20 political cases in Tibet in 2013: ”
“: We need a sense of belonging to one humanity, respecting the rights and views of others.”
RT : Xinhua: Gyalthang fire lasted 9 hrs, no casualties, 240 houses "damaged", arson "ruled out".  http…
RT : Senior executives of China's largest drug distributor Sinopharm are under investigation for corruption. 
“: Handwritten testimony of Tibetan monk who died in detention surfaces 10 years after his death ”
RT : 今日【博】被捕38天的西藏高僧-堪布尕玛才旺的诗文  康囊谦（今青海省玉树藏族自治州囊谦县），噶玛噶举传承的重要寺院—公雅寺的堪布尕玛才旺于2013年12月6日深夜突遭西藏自治区昌都地区的公安跨省抓捕，并被带往…
RT : 有圈内人跟我说八十年代曾经想拍电影张志新传，导演主演都有了，后来压下来说不许拍，就不了了之了直到今天。可想否定文革的决心有多渺小   
RT  Placing flowers in his bike  studio until he is free to travel. 
 #peacefulprotest #whereismypassport?
RT  从2013年11月30日开始，每天早晨，我在草场地258号工作室门外的自行车车篮中放置一束鲜花，直至我恢复自由旅行的权利。第45天，2014年1月13日。


RT  Placing flowers in his bike  studio until he is free to travel. 
 #peacefulprotest #whereismypassport?
RT : 从2013年11月30日开始，每天早晨，我在草场地258号工作室门外的自行车车篮中放置一束鲜花，直至我恢复自由旅行的权利。第44天，2014年1月12日。


HORRIFIC! And so sad- RT  Ancient town catches fire in China's Shangri-la  
RT RT  The still life tradition today Recycled Beauty by Laurie Frankel &amp; Diane Gatterdam   Enjoy!
“: Placing flowers in his bike  studio until he is free to travel 
 #peacefulprotest #whereismypassport day43
“: 从2013年11月30日开始，每天早晨，我在草场地258号工作室门外的自行车车篮中放置一束鲜花，直至我恢复自由旅行的权利。第43天，2014年1月11日。

”
We are honored - The still life tradition today : Recycled Beauty by Laurie Frankel &amp; Diane Gatterdam or 
RT : "Recycled Beauty" by Laurie Frankel &amp; Diane Gatterdam or the still life tradition today  Enjoy!
Very Honored-  The still life tradition today Recycled Beauty by Laurie Frankel &amp; Diane Gatterdam  Enjoy!
Wonder if he brought all those here to NYC? “: But where to pin all those Pulitzer Prizes? ”
Going to try that on my card!- MT  Become a Chinese Billionaire W/  Chen Guangbiao Business-Card Generator 
I love this! RT  群魔乱舞: Qianci and me dancing in HK...&amp; u will see many familiar faces dancing Happy (HK): 
RT : Wash Post: NYT reporter  could be forced by officials to leave China. 
RT  A day in the life of a prisoner at a labour camp in Sichuan 
RT  Placing flowers in his bike  studio until he's free to travel
 #peacefulprotest #whereismypassport? day42
RT  从2013年11月30日开始，每天早晨，我在草场地258号工作室门外的自行车车篮中放置一束鲜花，直至我恢复自由旅行的权利。第42天，2014年1月10日。


RT : Huge blow 4 Tibet, Xinjiang analysts: US gov ends access to translations of Chinese news reports ”
: Zhang Yimou &amp; wife fined $1.2 mil for having 3 children.  Where does all this cash go?
“: If you dedicate yourself to helping others, you’ll be happier.”
 Chen Kegui’s father outlines abuse suffered at hands of CN regime EU Parliament human rights hearing: ”
RT : Chen Kegui's father outlines abuse suffered at hands of the #China regime during EU Parliament human rights hearing:
ht…
Must see- RT  Please, let this be true. Chen Guangbiao's business card, courtesy of Business Insider 
Great Gif of  of all the flowers he has placed in his bike! #love  
RT  Placing flowers in his bike  studio until he is free to travel. #peacefulprotest #whereismypassport?

RT  从2013年11月30日开始，每天早晨，我在草场地258号工作室门外的自行车车篮中放置一束鲜花，直至我恢复自由旅行的权利。第41天，2014年1月9日。


Three Monasteries Closed in Driru in Latest Clampdown 
Chinese Villagers Protest Government Demolition of Family Grave Sites 
LOVE this- In China, New Online People's Daily Game Lets Users Fight Corrupt Officials - China Real Time Report - WSJ 
Nice- RT  Ai Weiwei, Zhuangzi, and Life at the Margins    
“:placing flowers in his bike  studio until he is free to travel. #peacefulprotest #whereismypassport?
”
“: 从2013年11月30日开始，每天早晨，我在草场地258号工作室门外的自行车车篮中放置一束鲜花，直至我恢复自由旅行的权利。第40天，2014年1月8日。

”
OMG LOVE! RT  “: Jiang Zemin eclipses Xi Jinping in pants height.   ”
RT  Placing flowers in his bike  studio until he is free to travel.
#peacefulprotest #whereismypassport? 

RT  从2013年11月30日开始，每天早晨，我在草场地258号工作室门外的自行车车篮中放置一束鲜花，直至我恢复自由旅行的权利。第39天，2014年1月7日。


Lawyer Liu Shihui Detained by Police during Inquiry of Activists in Custody 
刘士辉律师在询问被关押维权人士情况时遭警方拘留 
