狗眼看人低.
Really appalled at the shit that ppl can say.
I'm at @TimbrEmusicé (Singapore) 
:S
 oh haha nice! So I shall see you at the refresher workshop!
I'm at Temasek Polytechnic (TP) (Singapore) w/ 2 others 
 yea I am.. You? Heard you're going admin!
 I'm afraid this is what they'll become.. A church it is. 
"All of your flaws and all of my flaws / They lie there hand in hand" - 
This is a SECULAR country.
RT : I can work hard with the knowledge that the work I am doing is meaningful and goes toward a significant, long-lasting cause.
"I wish you woulda put yourself in my suitcase.." -
RT : Do you wanna solve a murder?
MIDNIGHT MEMORIESSSSS!!!!!
I'm at Woodlands Checkpoint (Causeway) (Singapore) w/ 13 others 
Avril Lavigne concert! 
I'm at Singapore Indoor Stadium for Avril Lavigne w/  
"And yeah yeah yeah I'm a lot to handle, you don't know trouble, I'm a hell of a scandal."
Here we go!
Forget the urgency but hurry up and wait.
 nice dp!
Yay I got my voice back!
Lego movie! :D (@ Golden Village - @gvpictures w/ 3 others) 
Of course they'll act all patriotic and shit. How pathetic.
Some idiots are always complaining abt everything in Singapore.. But when someone says she isn't proud to be a Singaporean, what do they do?
Great match! Ahh now back to sleep! #KTBFFH #CFC
RT : Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho: "We played fantastic against a fantastic team &amp; beaten the best team in the #BPL twice. This…
Surviving with less than 1 hour of sleep, Duncan is booking out and humming "The Twelve Days of Christmas".
Happy chinese new year! 新年快乐！ ：）
Didnt expect my swim to be so exhilarating :D
I know a girl, she puts the color inside of my world.
I'm at Highlander Bar &amp; Restaurant - @highlanderasia (Singapore) 
I'm starting to believe that this could be the start of something good
在服兵役的当时，的确让我更了解自己。
I'm at The Jockey Club 
I'm at Woodlands Checkpoint (Causeway) (Singapore) w/ 6 others 
What is Instagram without selfies?! 
RT : All my senses are heightened I feel like Sherlock Holmes.
 then you could cherish the look of surprise on my face :O 
Ok the SBS Transit iris service isn't working.. Not a good sign
Pastamania! germaineanastasia 
The awesome aircon decided to spill copious amount of aircon juice on my bed.
RT : 7 years ago today, Steve Jobs introduced the first iPhone. 
Time won't fly, it's like I'm paralyzed by it.
SAF Seaview Resort 
Damn.. One more episode this season and (probably) years for the next one #Sherlock
It is always easier to look the other way.
事出必有因。
Friday!! First Friday of the year that is :)
Gonna ORD this year!! :D
Happy new year to all!
新年快乐！
RT : This city will only be as interesting as you want it to be.
I'm at Marina Bay Waterfront Promenade (Singapore) w/ 14 others 
Damn the DNC Registry.. Now all these assholes wanna keep my number under "existing customers" 
I'm already prepared for all the walking tonight :|
I'm at The Jockey Club 
RT : Michael Schumacher taken to hospital with a head injury while skiing in France, but it is not thought to be serious http://t.…
小朋友 :D ": 滨海市区线在通车六天内发生两次延误事故，新捷运说，初步调查显示，前晚事发时有小朋友在地铁内不小心按到逃生门按钮，导致列车自动紧急刹车，造成电流中断。#DowntownLine"
I'm at Wild Honey w/  
Note: Police stop along Kallang Road 
I think we're alone now.. @ Choa Chu Kang MRT/LRT Interchange (NS4/BP1) 
I'm at Woodlands Checkpoint (Causeway) (Singapore) w/ 5 others 
GOAL!
 hahaha i think so.. btw ur MANUre better draw :)
Steam is down
The best way to get rid of the song in your head? Listen to it on repeat. I just did that for Lorde's "Team".
 beware of all my duck face selfies ;)
Created an  account 1 year ago.. Barely used it.
#dinner #roastedduck #dianxiaoer @ Dian Xiao Er 店小二 
"Awesome food and good service crew! 当归烤鸭 is a must-try." @:  #foursquare
I'm at Dian Xiao Er 店小二 
I'm at Bedok Mall (Singapore) w/ 17 others 
I'm at Changi International Airport (SIN) (Singapore) w/ 3 others 
Unrelated, but I think maybe it's time to stop eating fast food
24 yr old NSman dies after stroke during ICT :(
 hahaha plenty of time, 35 years.. Though I think he deserves the life sentence. Maybe he might jump off someday
RT : Cardiff court sentences Ian Watkins, Lostprophets singer, to 35 years for offences including attempted rape of baby http:/…
 is your updating service down?
RT :  IM NOT OKAAAAAAAAAAAAY
Oh no, you don't wanna be talking to me when I'm listening to My Chemical Romance
It is amusing how the small-minded finds it necessary to engage in squabbles just to prove that they're not.
 I like the tortoise in the desert scene. Yup, watched Sherlock earlier this year.
 damn good show.. Finished watching. Want some spoilers? :D
I'm accommodating to the people around me, not out of fear but respect.
RT : Exciting news! You can now stream your music for free on your tablet or mobile phone:  #FreeYourMusic
Happy that  lifted country restrictions for a lot of artists previously blocked in SG. Eg.   
.  Thanks for lifting the country restrictions for Singapore!! Now I have access to  and a lot of artists!!
I'm at Brewerkz Restaurant &amp; Microbrewery - @brewerkzsg (Singapore) w/ 4 others 
Home! (@ Clementi Camp) 
I'm at SAFRA Mount Faber (Singapore) 
RT : Rare riot shocks Singapore - worst outbreak of violence in more than 40 years  
Paramedics being attacked.. absolutely barbaric. Unacceptable in all countries and clearly not in Singapore.
I'm at The Star Vista (Singapore) w/ 2 others 
I'm at National University Hospital (NUH) (Singapore) w/ 2 others 
I'm at Woodlands Checkpoint (Causeway) (Singapore) w/ 2 others 
But she can't be what you need if she's 17!
12 seconds situation. 28 Aug 2004. 
画虎画皮难画骨，知人知面不知心。
 hey guys, your app isn't showing album art on Android 4.4 (KitKat)
RT : AsiaOne apologises to Nicole Seah 
I'm at Larkin Sentral Bus Station (Terminal Bas) (Johor Bahru, Johor) w/ 14 others 
Super Frank!!
RT : Goal. West Ham 0-3 Chelsea. Frank Lampard sweeps home his second of the game:  
RT : Bitch . Worse nightmare I can ever imagine. 
Damn the excess data usage. My first month living with 3GB bundled data. 
I'm starting to enjoy living my life on the edge.
I'm at Woodlands Checkpoint (Causeway) (Singapore) w/ 4 others 
 thanks bro! :D
My birthday wish? GET MORE SLEEP NEXT YEAR!!
I'm at Carl's Jr. (Singapore) 
RT : Yong Vui Kong is first drug trafficker to have death sentence reduced to life imprisonment, caning under amended law http:…
I'm at Ah Piaw Wan Tan Mee (Johor Bahru, Johor) 
I'm at Woodlands Checkpoint (Causeway) (Singapore) w/ 3 others 
RT : When a man is raped, no one ever asks what he was wearing.  -- George Takei
I'm at Wong Kok Char Chan Teng (旺角茶餐厅) (Johor Bahru, Johor) 
I'm at Woodlands Checkpoint (Causeway) (Singapore) w/ 7 others 
 LOL but hey.. That's called saving the best for the last ;P
What a nightmare.. Thought it was gonna be an easy win.
 MDA is really public this time. I wished they did the same when they blocked Xtube, Xhamster and PornHub :D
 smart move by .. Now everyone is talking about it. I don't think they were really interested in Singapore.
RT : Fuck off la. RT : Fare review: We need to consider the interests of public transport operators' shareholders too, a…
My annual event: Watch V for Vendetta on the 5th of November.
 _|_
I need my daily dose of normal :/
What's with the BBM craze.. I uninstalled that battery whore from my BlackBerry. Yea I did.
 ah ah siol.. Fierce!
iPad Air.. What's next? IPad Pro?
 me!
"We accept the love we think we deserve."
I'm at Capricci Italian Dining (Singapore) 
I'm at AEON Tebrau City Shopping Centre (Johor Bahru, Johor) w/ 10 others 
I'm at Jem (Singapore) w/ 3 others 
": US budget deadline passes; first government shutdown in 17 years formally begins "
 Happy birthday Wilfred! @Dinnie is awesome :)
 try Starbucks at Kallang Leisure Park!
I'm at Terminal Bersepadu Selatan (TBS) (Kuala Lumpur, Federal Territory of Kuala Lum) 
I'm at R&amp;R Lucky Garden (Yong Peng, Johor) 
I'm at Woodlands Checkpoint (Causeway) (Singapore) w/ 2 others 
I'm at Quiznos (Singapore) 
I'm at Woodlands Checkpoint (Causeway) (Singapore) w/ 4 others 
I'm at F1 Pit Building (Singapore) w/ 8 others 
RT : Helicopters will be flying over Marina Barrage during this year’s F1 event. Kite flying will not be allowed at... http://…
I'm at F1 Pit Building (Singapore) w/ 4 others 
I'm at Starbucks (Singapore) 
Anyway I don't like the new home screen icons... #sourgrapes #iOS7
No iOS 7 for my iPod touch 4? D:
I'm at @VelocityNovena (Singapore) 
Can't wait for Friday! #SingaporeGP
RT : I see you want to change your password. We're gonna need uppercase letters, numbers, no spaces, a bird, and blood from your …
I'm at Woodlands Checkpoint (Causeway) (Singapore) w/ 6 others 
Working on a Saturday: /
Why do you care what people think? Are you hooked up to their leash? You know anklebiters. Ate up your personality.
 but your offline playlist limit makes it rather inconvenient for anyone with multiple devices.
 6! 2 laptops, 1 iPod Touch, 1 BlackBerry and 1 Motorola Atrix.
"If heaven’s grief brings hell’s rain, then I’d trade all my tomorrows for just one yesterday."
RT : . goes on loan to Everton:  #CFC
Feeling #likeaMalaysian
Watched Elysium.. Great movie! But they made everyone stand and sing the Malaysian national anthem before the start of the movie!
I didn't know it is National Day in Malaysia (-.-) (@ Woodlands Checkpoint (Causeway) w/ 6 others) 
Finance workshop! (@ Temasek Polytechnic (TP) w/ ) 
One of my reasons to get a girlfriend: she can style my hair! =P
Torres might make a difference :P
#sghaze might be back! 
Fk it.. I'm gonna wake up at 3! #MUNCHE
 all government agencies will be mandated to switch to Macs and iDevices.
I'm at Woodlands Checkpoint (Causeway) (Singapore) w/ 7 others 
I'm at Manitou Asia Pte Ltd (Tuas, Singapore) 
Track &amp; Recovery Practical Training (@ F1 Pit Building) 
Y U NO AIR BASE! ": NSmen, NSFs to be able to bring camera phones into 15 additional camps from Sept "
I'm at Kranji War Memorial (Singapore) 
RT : Slowly but surely, NS is becoming a learning experience for the future. At least to me maybe. Don't count the days, but mak…
"You wanna hug me.. What rhymes with hug me?" Uhh mug me? Thug me?
I'm at SAFRA Toa Payoh (Singapore) 
Uhh haze??
Yay! My favourite food! :) 
I'm at @SeoulGardenSg (Singapore) 
He was drunk on root beer.
 all the best!
I'm at Vivo American Pizza &amp; Panini (Kuala Lumpur, Wp Kuala Lumpur) w/ 3 others 
I'm at Berjaya Times Square (Kuala Lumpur, WP Kuala Lumpur) w/ 23 others 
I'm at RapidKL KL Sentral (MR1) Monorail Station - @myrapidkl (Kuala Lumpur, WP Kuala Lumpur) 
I'm at My Hotel @ KL Sentral (Brickfields, Kuala Lumpur) 
I'm at Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KUL) (Sepang, Selangor) w/ 58 others 
I'm at Changi International Airport (SIN) (Singapore) w/ 89 others 
 my forehead hurts..
I wasn't smiling when my Nexus 7 fell on my face.
RT : Yeahhhhh back to school with @duncandroid 
RT : Today, August 6, 68 years ago, the United States dropped an atomic bomb on the Japanese city of Hiroshima, killing 70-80,000.
Rihanna's S&amp;M playing in my head the WHOLE DAY O_o
F1 race officials training! (@ Singapore Management University (SMU) - @sgsmu) 
Really awesome video!! Didn't know Sentosa had so many trees! "Riding the former Sentosa Monorail in 1991 "
我不要再多说，你也不需要掩盖事实了。
好马不吃回头草。
I'm at Toa Payoh HDB Hub (Singapore) w/ 8 others 
 yea and getting my battery replaced. Doing my collection today.
I'm at ASUS Service Centre (Singapore) 
It's sad that many don't hang national flags outside their homes anymore. But when they do, it's the wrong direction. 
RT : Ex-Joo Chiat MP Chan Soo Sen convicted of drink driving 
