不是没话说 只是在也没有那个身份跟你说了～
Low personality..
Jangan bangga dengan sikapmu tu bocah..
你只不过是我生活的路过人 别装做没了你我人生有差
Never look back..
They're just never understand..
Nothing worth having comes easy..
I'm so sorry..
It's not all about winning..
Happy CNY!!!
Omg! I just can't wait for cny!! Lol
Karma never get expired.
Don't let yourself lost the gold for search out the silver.
RT : It feels really nice to be important to someone.
RT : Don't give up on things when you think you can fight for it. It's difficult to wait but it's more difficult to regret.
Terima saja..
没什么大不了 笑一笑就过了～
RT : 你放心 我不会嫉妒你们 我只是会觉得自己还不够好
我累了 有谁的肩膀让我靠吗？
If you can't accept my weakness, how can i accept yours?
Cake cake ! I want cake !! :/
I don't think like I wanna move my body out of ma bed!!!
RT : I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I ended up where I needed to be.
RT : Hidup bukan tentang mendapatkan apa yg kamu inginkan, tetapi tentang menghargai apa yang kamu miliki, dan sabar menanti yg aka…
Omg!!! My stomach !!!!!
我知道你不喜欢，所以不用勉强
RT : tak perlu berpura pura cinta sayang, kalau kau tak pernah merasakan rindu
": 我没像她那么瘦,我没有像她那么美,我没像她那么斯文。
我很粗鲁,我很丑,我很肥。
这么一比,我已经知道为啥你喜欢她了"
There's always a reason.
I know you don't like, so you don't have to.
I was like you so much..
Good time..
Bad voice day :|
Can I?
": The people who make you angry tend to also be the individuals who urge you to calm down."
Please !
Try!
If you like someone, tell them. Or just stalk them on every social network and cry yourself to sleep every night. It’s whatevs. #rt
You know nothing about me, please stop act like you know everything.
Blessed.
": Aku tak akan seperti masa lalumu yang mungkin pernah menyakitimu."
其实在你走入我生活那一刻我就不打算从我心里赶走你，知道吗？
": Don't live your life with anger and hate in your heart. You'll only be hurting yourself more than the people you hate."
 lol!! Visit mine sometimes??? ! Wkwkwk
 any thing wrong?
Unwell..
": Lies always change. The truth stays the same."
I don't know why, my tears just keep falling.
When I met you I don't know we will be so close, when we closed I dont know I will lost you.
Really, I can't discribe what my feeling is.
Jangan takut akan perubahan.Kita mungkin kehilangan sesuatu yang baik, namun kita akan peroleh sesuatu yang lebih baik lagi @motivasiisukses
God, can I wish for a miracle?
Am I wishing for something impossible again?
Great things take times.
Last night, you hold my hand. In my dream..
还是朋友吗？
假如某天我想你了，怎么办？
Kapan brubahnya? Zzz
Lazy enough to wake up !
If he want, he will.
Do what is right, not what is easy.
Jika masa lalumu buruk, itu bukan alasan, dan saat masa depanmu buruk, mungkin kamu terlalu banyak beralasan.  
Take it easy..
Semua yang terjad pasti akan menjadi pelajaran, jalani saja..
你离开我 就是我旅行的意义..
还记得当我们走倒说再见那时候吗？
我看透了他的心，演的全是他和她的电影。
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Hopeless..
I promise, that's the last !
真的学了很多，谢了～
This is my life.. don't pretend like you can manage mine !
I make my own rules..
Will get until we die~
 wkwkkwk !!!
 really?!! Ahaaay ! I miss you too! Can't wait for CNY and see you soon! :*
 you must be miss me so much right?!!! Loool ! Haha!
Goodbye girl :* see yaaa next trip :* 
It was only just a dream..
 this damn right!! Haha!
": This is so true "
Hungry ._.
": When you want something you've never had. You have to do something you've never done."
别把你自己说得那么伟大，放佛没了你我会怎样。我只是懒的和你吵而已。不要在那么不要脸了可以吗？
Regret..
Sadar diri dkit lah yaaaa.. dikit ja pun cukup.. lol
Go through the worst to get the best.
Distance sometimes lets you know who's worth keeping and who's worth letting go.
Close your eyes, close your ears, feel with heart..
Hooooaaaam..
21 js.. lol
Happy new year :* 
New year, make so what your wish is !
He who wishes to wear the crown, endure its weight.
Espero que este día de diversión!!
Hope so..
 I know right!! It's really goooooddd !
People say u don't know what you've got until it's gone... truth is, you knew what you had, you just thought you'd never lose it.
If it must be it will be..
Not bad..
Dia yang kamu hina mungkin lebih istimewa..
Karma exist..
I'm sad, hurt, angry, mad, and disappointed. But you know what? I'll put on a smile and move on. It will hurt, but I will survive.
Day by day..
Just accept what is..
Lalalalalalala~
The pain of love is what truly change us.
那些都只是个谎言吧！
How I wish I can know you and we can get close ! Haha !
Disturbed enough !
: 谢谢那个曾经，虽然不长，但是已经足够让我纪念，不管是纪念什么，至少想起来不是痛的。
Merry Christmas :)
是自己在骗自己吗？
": Jika seseorang tulus mencintaimu, tak ada yg mampu buatnya jauh darimu. Jika tidak, tak ada yg mampu buatnya tetap bersamamu."
你在何方我不管不管，请为我保重千万千万。
Otw..
:|
: cinta bukan harta karun yang dipendam pendam, jika sudah cukup waktunya segera buka isi hatimu, dan terimalah apapun kenyataanya
Winners don't wait for chances, they take them. 
Quickly please!! Zzz
This is life, it's happening now.
 nothing nothing.. wkkwkwkk
Watch for big problems. They disguise big opportunities. 
Poopoopoopoopoop!!
RT : I miss you... Just kidding, I'm glad you're out of my life and you can go fuck yourself.
": My past is my past, I've made mistakes but I have learned from them too."
": berfikir positif dapat menghancurkan semua tembok pemisah antara tidak bisa dan bisa"
Life simple, live it simply.
不是我们不珍惜，不是我们没紧握。我们坚持了，但还是不见了。没关系，交给命运吧！是我的还会来，不是我的就让他这样的不见吧。
": A negative mind will NEVER give you a positive life !"
No regrets. Just lessons learned.
有些事不是不想说，只是说了也没用。
Great things take time :)
RT : Sayang, kamu keren deh. Badan kamu kotak-kotak | kayak Ade Rai ya beb? | bukan, kayak spongebob | FAAK-,,-
Berdirilah di atas kakimu sendiri, dan percayalah akan kemampuanmu, agar kamu tak terbiasa bergantung pada orang lain 
真是我的福气啊！谢谢！
不管绕多大圈，事情终会回到原点。
不要期待，不要遐想，不要强求，顺其自然，如果注定，变一定会发生。#rt
Kesetiaan berarti ketulusan untuk menyimpan satu nama tetap dihati, kemudian berjanji untuk tidak mengkhianati.
I wish you get everything you want when you was my man! :)
Mistake are proof that you're trying!
There are times where are we need to stay away from each others.
祝你早日梦想成真，别应为失去了双腿而沮丧。小奖章加油！:)
每个人都在变。如果你不逼迫自己成长，就只能接受被这世界残忍以待。
RT @Wicky_Official: kalo ada kata "menunggu" pasti ada yg dinantikan, semua orang tau itu. jadi jangan khawatir, akan ada waktunya itu. :) …
": 最伤心的事不过是高估了自己在你心里的份量， 当你走掉后， 我才醒悟过来，原来我只是陪衬的一位，谁都可以代替的一位。"
别让我看不起你。
Lakukanlah apa yang membuatmu takut!
你未免也太自私了吧 :|
我不会再像以前那样,整天都想着要回到过去,有些东西曾经拥有就足够了。
其实我不应该怪你那么快离开,因为是我太肤浅太容易心动。
": Jgn menyerah jika msh ingin mencoba. Jgn berpisah jika msh ada cinta. Jgn biarkan ego kuasai jiwa, karena hati pasti menderita."
RT : if I make an excuse, it's mean I don't want! I wonder if you're truly stupid or just pretending
下雨天，还记得你最喜欢下雨天了。哈哈..
": 先别急着爱我  如果你愿意  先尝尝我的怪脾气和自私任性口是心非以后  若你还爱我  那我的世界就只有你"
I'm obviously not that important to you.
": Ketika seorang perempuan membagi rahasia pribadinya denganmu, dia bukan bermaksud mengeluh, namun dia mempercayaimu"
Don't let waiting become habit.. life happening, now.
看不清的东西 就让它继续模糊下去吧 有些事 有些爱 有些情 有些人 看得太透彻 反而会受伤害 "
RT : We're not close anymore, but I'll be there if you need me.
": aku bertahan karna sayang, aku berharap karna rasa ini tak kunjung pergi. aku mengingat karna kenangan ini terlalu indah."
Ketika mimpi dihalangi..
痛的不是我离开的时候，而是我慢慢离开你却不留下我..
": Those nights when all you want to do is cuddle up next to someone and then you realize you're single."
在睡不着我要疯掉了！-__-
请你体谅，我的幼稚。
没有什么是永远，也没有什么会很久。找个借口，谁都可以先走。
Dear Someone, I want your attention, I want your text, I want you to care, I'm waiting for you to miss me too.
I'm just hungry hungry and hungry ._.
每当我需要的时候你都在！真的真的谢谢你 :)
该怪谁？哈哈哈！
当你想他不在乎你的时候，其实你错了。是没人在乎你！世界就是那么残忍，接受吧！
累了。
可以停止呼吸吗？一下下也好...
Enjoy, that's kind of happiness.
早点休息，别累坏了，晚安 :)
原来－＿－
加油！
谢谢你每次在我需要的时候都在！:)
 kapan plg? Wkkwkw
RT : kata pujangga, cinta letaknya di hati, meskipun tersembunyi, namun itu nyata
只要你回头，我在！
谢谢 :)
mending DIAM !
Berat rasanya :|
Can't wait for tomorrow !!
I wish you joy and happiness
Tae.. jiji amat gayanyaaa x_x
不要执着在过去了，不值得的。
我不是不理你，我只是在等你先开口。
What I wanna know is FOR WHO?
When people ask me why I'm single
Me:
  (•︵•)
  ¯)  )/¯
    L L"
有些话，你不经意的说出口，我却很认真的难过。
Aku ini siapa lah ya kaan? Wkwkwkwkk
": 最残忍的事，不是没遇到爱的人，而是遇到却最终错过；最伤心的事，不是你爱的人不爱你，而是他爱过你后，最后却不爱你。"
RT : Everything is going to be alright, maybe not today, but eventually.
I read to our old conversation, and then yes, I miss you :|
Don't give up, find a way to make it happen!
This night, goes too fast..
