RT : 有时候，面对身边的人，突然说不出话；有时候，一直坚持的东西，突然间想放弃；有时候，想放纵自己，痛痛快快发一次疯；有时候，觉得自己拥有整个世界，一瞬间又觉得一无所有；有时候，梦想很多，却力不从心；有时候，发现自己一夜之间长大，却看不到自己的未来…
RT : Don't think too much, he/she won't give a fuck .
RT : ~ 
RT : You lost my trust? Don't expect it back.
你真的不用來我回憶裏微笑，畢竟我總會把你戒掉。
RT : ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤": 不管你了不了解这个世界，这个世界都不会让着你，就算你无止尽地坠入谷底，就算你觉得自己一身清白，实在被冤死的委屈，也没人懂你的心思。——《来自星星的你》 "
Hot until can BBQ already. Ahhh, this weather.
But can't.
I don't want to stay back. I want go home...
RT : HOLY SHIT
RT : The longer I stare at my own photos the uglier they get lol
RT : 人家把压力化为动力，我把压力化为睡意
 好吧，女人。
其實周崇光也很棒，呵呵
 是顧源的女孩 (*¯︶¯*)
Finally.
嚴重對顧源這角色念念不忘。
 Hate it. Please stop calling me with this -3-
Lazy to move
 what hyuna moon? -3-
 sorry
我到底還要自我摧毀多久?
 Take care.
RT : 一句“我难过” 。可以换来谁的一句：“你在哪，我这就来”。
RT : 你一条一条看他的推文 再一条一条看他推文里的每条评论 再点开评论里跟他关系暧昧的异性的推特 一条一条翻她的每个动态 一条一条的看评论里是否有他在跟她说腻歪的话 你永远不知道 自己全身心的投入 最终会换来什么
RT : 朋友间要做到互相支持，也要做到互不干涉
RT : 有些情况没有字眼能表达
RT : When you're late for something but you're still at home.

Friend: "where are you?"
You: "on the way"

You're definitely a…
RT : I Want a picture like this when I get married 😍 
RT : 秒回你代表你重要
RT : 电话是妨碍我温习的敌人
RT : 多堅強的人也需要休息
RT : STUDY STUDY STUDY!!!
RT :  nahhh, I scare later I go no one there. Okay! See you later :D
 more 5 minutes go. Why? Want my mummy fetch you?
I don't care. What are you thinking.
你覺得我是什麽就是什麽，最重要的是我知道自己在做什麽。
Yup, I'm crazy.
Yup, I'm brainless.
你真的覺得我會屈服嗎？少做夢了。
RT : 鬼可怕 因为看不到 人更可怕 因为猜不透
RT : 有些歌永远都不嫌旧，就像有些朋友永远都不嫌久
RT : 24hours not enough for me
RT : 人生难得起起落落 还是要坚强的生活 😄
RT : After someone hurts you, you're not the same anymore.
RT : Done by the amazing  😱 Clearly the girl in the drawing is much prettier but still thank you so much 😘 http://…
Keep it up! This is a new day!
淡定 淡定
不喜歡自己的情緒老是起起伏伏。
Hehe
Keep tweeting.
Still don't wanna leave my bed.
RT : 不必为了讨好这世界而扭曲了自己。
我從以前到至今都不想原諒每個傷害我的人，但有意義嗎？放過別人，就是放過自己。
RT : They can’t hurt you unless you let them.
RT : My new album #AvrilLavigne is available now at  with an exclusive cover and bonus version of #RockNRoll \m/ http:/…
RT : Yes, this 
RT : 最討厭你這種弄到人家生氣了卻不知道人家在生氣你的人 issh
RT : 男生其实很简单 如果他喜欢你 他会主动找你 他会经常和你聊天 因为他会想知道你在想什么 他会因为你一句不经意的话想很久 他会想和你开玩笑 他好像从来不忙 手机永不断电 你的短信他都会秒回 不会因为其他事情忽略你 如果他什么也没有做到的话 你有没有…
Feel so hungry nah.
Tuition homework haven finish ahhhh!
RT : The good ones go, if you wait too long.
RT : Never give up on something you can't go a day without thinking about.
RT : You can't marry someone you just met
RT : I wish I was good at Math 😭
RT : Old couples make you realize someone can love you forever.
Good morning, it's 8 a.m. in the morning right now.
That's what I'm learning
When a girl really love oneself, she'll look beautiful in other.
學會苦中做樂。
Monday is coming. Wow, so happy. Ha.
Still have many homework didn't done.
I miss my long hair...
RT : 无论你说话多么谨慎，总有人歪曲你的意思。所以，学会不在乎。
RT : 这个世界上没有不带伤的人，只有不断痊愈的人。
RT : Some people come into your life, and you just know you would never be able to replace them if they left.
RT : 如果有个人看着你狼吞虎咽的吃相 微笑着帮你擦干净嘴角 如果有个人总是会说你胖 但依然守护着你 如果有个人在忙碌的时候能够不忘记你 回你的短信 照顾你的小情绪 如果有个人答应你 等着你离开这个世界 他才可以离去 如果有个人把你理所当然的归为他未来…
RT : Missing someone is a part of loving them. If you're never apart, you never really know how strong your love is.
RT : 什么样才算是朋友?
是朋友的,不会嫉妒你,
相反还会因为你的光芒为你喝彩。
是朋友的,更不会抛弃你,
相反的,当每个人都不要你的时候,
他却留了下来。
如果真的是朋友,
他们就更加不会躲在背后,
恶意伤害你,
而会跟你坦承,说着你的缺点。
RT : Love this 
RT : In relationships, if #Sagittarius start too fast, it ends too fast.
RT : Teal and black ?  #fashionporn ~ 
RT : 不想学车 不想考车 想直接驾车
RT : The past is just a story... and once you realize this, it has no power over you.
RT : 😂😂 
你說的話太深奧，我的智商太低，理解不了，你還是去跟愛因斯坦溝通吧。
RT “  你沒走過別人的路 就別對別人指指點點‘
Brainless!
RT : 我需要找谁？还是说 谁能被我找
RT : 我的低线其实很简单 别让我不再为你笑
 屁叻，都不懂是谁每天骂谁... -3-
妈妈说我的身体比以前更瘦了，可为什么我的体重还是一样。那是怎样?!!!
 几时? 我好像没有骂你了叻... o.O
RT : 我喜歡介紹我的閨蜜給我身邊的朋友，我喜歡我的朋友都認識彼此
谢谢你还在乎我。
 强! XD
 没有啦, 我是在骂另一个女生。这么久没有见你还是一样的自恋哦! -3-
 谁说你? o.O
  Is okay. Everything will be okay soon. Believe it :)
死傻婆, 整个面子书都是我们的合照。你满意了吗? -3- 
 SUIRANBUZAINISHENBIANMEIYOUSHICHANGLIANLUODANXINLIMEIYOUWANGJIGUOWOMENCENGJINGDEYIQIE. ZHISHIAIZAIXINLIMEIGAOSUNI :-*
对你深信不疑 自以为幸福的我 #nowplying #GDRAGON #CROOKED
 HENAINIZHISHINIBUZHIDAO ;)
 一切都会好起来的! :)
有本事就若无其事的活着，过好你自己的生活。而不是老是在面子书更新你的状态让别人知道你过得很好！你的人生是你自己的还是我的，活给我看干嘛！
 怎么了?
这一辈子最骄傲的事情就是拥有你| 我最挚爱的闺蜜。
太过重感情，最后累死的是自己。
Hahaha, SuYan de face. :3 
那也是人生必经的一部分吧。
或许人生就是这样，要伤心才知道开心是什么，要绝望才知道希望在哪里，要无助才知道什么叫自主。
You're to weak to being!
RT : 听见下雨的声音  ☔️
 BFF -3-
Okay, the weather is killing me.
几时才能放下过去, 放下你, 放下回忆。
RT : 生活上的歷史總被忙忙碌碌沖淡了，不過我和你的歷史是時間也洗不掉的。
RT : 因為相信善良的人們，所以相信世界會更美好。──阿信
多希望最了解我的人是你而不是她们。
 Chat with you later :)
I know you 羡慕嫉妒恨 me.
 Are you still using whatsapp?
YangMi is MINE! :p
 Long time no see. You look more pretty right now :)
RT : 我想一個人去走街 看一個人的戲 享受一個人的一天。
Love Beautiful #nowplaying
RT : 有時真的想快快結束今年 離開 然後什麽都不用煩
RT : I love cheese!!!!!  :)
RT : 想去走街 看戲
RT : deep. 
RT : 宁愿好朋友当面说出自己的缺点 好过在背后指指点点
RT : “弱者放弃机会，强者把握机会。知者创造机会！”
I miss STARBUCKS. #22022014 
I find you. Hehe
Positive energy.
How can I know who's inside...
_(._.)_
Where is my mathematics paper...?
Okay, my broken English .
RT : Small fennec fox braving the wind 
RT : Absolutely Stunning 
RT : San Francisco, California 
RT : Can this plz be my room omfg ~ 
RT : Vans ~ 
RT : Hipster Guy ~ 
RT : Ootd! ~ 
RT : White Peacoat. ~ 
RT : so true 
RT : Indonesia 
RT : WHY ARENT THESE IN MY CLOSET 😍👟 
RT : Black and Grey ?? ~ 
RT : 许多事情，看得开是好；看不开，终归也要熬过去。
RT : 我想我还是不够成熟 没办法为自己那颗浮躁的心波澜不惊地掌舵
RT : Eat a lot. Sleep a lot. ? ~ 
RT : 
RT : Hot Tub Chillin' In Switzerland 
RT : 90%的姑娘都输在沉不住气这点 人家对你稍微冷淡点就开启疯婆子模式 输的彻底。
RT : Let the war begins
Forgive it everything that had happened. Goodnight!
Maybe that's you.
Being the must crazily  people is always thought other is crazy.
Actually I'm same with other girl, like shopping, like eat, like to see handsome. Why did you feel that I'm crazy with it?
Thanks for hurting me always. That can make me know what I really want.
Okay, good! Can't sleep again.
顧源，你真是個好男人。顧裏好幸福！
沒有把握就不要輕易踏進我的世界，闖進我的心房。
不喜歡被人過分打擾。
 ya
Don't call me to give up. Same as don't call me to do to see what I dislike.
I know I'm not that perfect. Not that good.
RT : 嘟嘴！😞😞😞😞
我問爸爸  你幾歲開始抽煙
他答 16歲
我  原來你從16歲開始就沒醒過 _(._.)_
RT : 你把人当宝，人把你当草。
RT : I want a whitening, beautiful and smoothing skin please 😭😢
RT : 哭的时候没人哄，于是学会了坚强　
怕的时候没人陪，于是学会了承受
 
累的时候没人可以依靠，于是学会了自主
不問啊？那就沒有咯咯咯
 是的。仙人掌寶寶
你不要拋棄希望，希望怎麽舍得拋棄你。
承認吧，你的心裏還有他的影子在。
每次旅行回來，臉的痘痘一定長個不停。
Cry.
Why my face soooooooooooooooo damn fat!!!
Feel tried.
I hope I can sleep a while.
Hmm. Tuition again.
RT :  no! now is the best!!
I want to change a new hair style. After SPM. Ha
GONNA CRAZY TO SEE THIS!!! RT ": Want. ? ~ "
RT : Dream closet. ?????? ~ 
RT : RT if you would want this!! ~ 
RT : . 
RT : Aramis, Asa, Hailee and a friend.
   
Tomorrow cut hair. 
RT : mother cat helps her son . 
RT : He's just gotta put his mouth on everything... 
♡
L A.  L A. L A.
Waiting 小時代 3
 別擔心，你在等的他，他也在等你。只是時機還沒到，所以沒讓你們相遇。 ;)
Is time. Night world.
