 我whatsapp你吧。
 我真的很生气他。。
又气又伤心！怎么会有这样的人？
我终于明白人心。曾经我太天真了。
这个世界很现实，没有人会在乎你牺牲多少的，他们看到的只是表面。
亏我还那么相信他，他竟然觉得他比我牺牲的还多。我看错认了。
Wasted!
 not I don't want..my body type very hard gain weight..
Hope it's muscle mass though, no one likes fat mass :O
Officially gained 1kg!!! U can never imagine how happy I am right now! U know how hard is it for me to gain just 1kg?! :D
Up, up and away, let ur ideas run wild! To be awesome, u gotta be out of the norm.
We all wish to find a partner which understands us forever :)
Can compatibility really exist between two person? Will it change with time?
I need a good place to rest myself, quiet down and be away of this hectic life for a while :)
I'm gonna shoot! Shoot man! Shoooot.... a video.... #TIATeam
Wanted so badly to do it today but it's inconvenient in this kind of situation. If only I already drive.. #sigh
Sometimes all u need to do is just sit down, relax and let the ideas kick in.
Those ideas better start kicking in now...omg it's easier said than done! Where should I start? When? How? Argh once started will be easier
Excited!! Gonna shoot another video later! :) #TIATeam
Follow  on twitter for more updates about our upcoming videos :)
Andrea Bocelli-Con te Partiro (Y) you guys should listen to this guy singing this song. It's really awesome. Very beautiful song and voice
Is it just my house or are mosquitoes going rampage in ur houses? I don't wanna die off dengue! Dengue is the suckiest reason to die for :(
Texting always causes misunderstands, that's why it's important to tell things face to face.
 same here
TIA Team's new video!

Yo! nothing much to say, our new video!!!

When you really need a friend, and a friend is there for you. #ThatFeeling :)
Dem firecrackers poppin again..never gon stop so early this time.. imma be readin mah Bible now.. #1yearmission
My house is so heaty right now! I finally understand how a pizza feels in an oven.
Pv Zk Bschk
Dem guys gon be like why u go full nigga. I be like I got da talent. This what I do when I be so bored. Put yo hands up doug! :D
Dem guys be happy collectin big angpaus, I be rottin without d ability to bring myself around in a car collectin dem angpaus. #NiggaSwag
Slow down. Stop. Plan your sentence before you post them. #SeemsHarshAddSmileys :)
Everyone is driving already and I'm still being driven???? LOL is this sentence even legit?! #LMAOseriously. #Serious!
My driving instructor needs to call me already.. :/ #YSoLate?
CNY is all about firecrackers and angpaus. Seriously, with just those I'm already higher than Lil Wayne and Wiz Khalifa.
Let's not be racist by telling how racist some of the people are. #YouWillNotReadOnlyOnce
Whatup doe? It's Chinese New Year babehh! Celebrate it happily, drink responsibly and drive safely doe! Wish you a happy horse year :D
Dem firecrackers poppin doe.. #whatsthis #hipsterslang
loud firecrackers :D #NewYearFeel
以前看到别人拉伤腰骨，都不明白为啥..现在明白了
从来没有想过会发生在我身上...我以为我不会那么容易就弄伤自己的。
Heal quickly please T.T
看来我这次是真真正正的弄伤腰骨了...需要长时间避开篮球...妈呀!!! T.T
I'm almost 遍体鳞伤... haha
It's a promised fun! "Hashtag" Bloopers and Deleted Scenes 
Just sit down and go check this out :D 
为什么他就是不会看到这个我。
他没给我自己决定自己的作息，那叫间接的强迫。
Yo! You, check this out! Share it out! :DD 
My video team-TIA Team's first ever video! As promised to some of my friends, here you go: 
In order to get to that optimum BMI, I just need to gain 5-6kg, but that is very hard for an ectomorph like me. #GaYau
Verrryyyy excited!!!!!!!!!!!! My video team-TIA Team's first video is coming out in 11 minutes! woahhhhooooo!!!! :DDDDDD
Certain people can make you feel happy being around with.
Do not be greedy because if you do, you'll lose everything in the end. #NeverAgain
 我是你的angel leh... 开玩笑的啦，所以我没输。HAHAHAHAHA
Today I braved into a restaurant and asked for a waiter job. #ThatFeeling Now waiting for the confirmation call. :D
I am a very good actor, good at covering all of my feelings. :/
How can I tell you how much I miss our friendship?
I think I will find a job somewhere else...
So I end up jobless. Nothing seems to fit me. Or am I too picky? :/
Samsung? HP? Sony? Apple? Canon?
What do I do now? #Frustrated Should I work at Maxis?
Going to Mid Valley all on my own to look for a job now. #Nervous
My first time on a KTM platform. #Platform2
Twitter is the place I monologue
Why am I so emotional today?
So many things I've let them slipped away when I looked back
#BePositive Edmund
Every second of my life, I can choose to add on my mistakes, but I can also choose to maintain the number of mistakes I've made so far.
All my life, I've made countless mistakes.
I screwed up a lot of things...They can't go back to their original states anymore. They can look original, but definitely not original.
I can never be perfect in front of every person. There has got to be people who sees me as perfect and people who doesn't.
If I can go back in time, I would cherish our friendship so that we're still buddies now…
Not happy
LOL I skipped church this morning because I can't wake up. Unforgettable enough :/
While u count stars, someone out there might have been counting scars every night. #BeGrateful that u can't sleep not bcos of pain.
What if all the while I'm not their friend? Haha, what innocence..
What if one day my friends are not my friends anymore? What if all the while I was rejected by them? What if...
Chromed dumbbell set 
 Oh yeah cheer up!
My room smells so nice! Goodbye bedroom odour!
Ah, I don't know what's so important about my air refresher...I'm hyper already
Dang I'm so hyped up! My bro got his camera, we both then got a set of chromed dumbbell, and most importantly I got a can of air refresher!
Girl you're pretty~
The start of my holi joli holiday! -Day 1
 alright :)
 what sickness? :/
 You must be delirious!
 thank you thank you thank thankiewwwwww!!!!!!!!! Yeahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.GBU too! :D
Wooohhhhhhhoooooooooooo!!!!!!!!
 On!
 at where?
Hahahahaha, times 3, + haha
It's easier to learn from mistakes than to painstakingly avoid mistakes while learning. Don't be afraid to make mistakes! :D
Mosquitoes. They just don't get tired of hiding in my room. :O
A "be hardworking" advice is countless times better than "don't be lazy". #BePositive
Resuming my weight gainer routine after a long pause
 Don't lie..sej how much? :P
NBA2K14 will be released on October 1!! :DD
 Haih, I understand how it feels, but think positive, nothing can stop you! go! go! go! :D
 振作! :D
When people say they have more experiences, you know they actually mean "I DON'T WANNA HEAR YOUR B*LLSH*T!"
 ok, 守承诺, but just don't push me down la :D
There are certain people of different sex from you whom you feel comfortable with, but that doesn't make him/her your boy/girlfriend.
 Wah you rmb until now ah? Jialat..how can I delete it from your mind ah? :D
RT : Girl are you nasi goreng because I want you
Trust. Simple word, but never easy to obtain.
 Cannot :D
Slow reflexes, you become the prey.
Weak teammates, lose the game.
Don't ever expect that others will take your jokes as lightly as the way you do. Everyone has their own way of perceiving things, okay?
 oh no!! ok lah then nvm :D
 play match?? :DD
 dota 2 :B
I have to SIT in front of the computer after meals to gain some fats because I had no other choice #seriously ._.
Saw "Lycopersicon esculantum" and thought wow that's a freaking cool name... and then look beside it, *(scientific name for tomato)
13/7/2013: Strongest wind in my life.
OH shyt shyt shyt!!!! exams coming!!!! y no study mood?!!
Okay so I wanna try to be off the internet and start studying already.. 3 secs later: Uh I failed.
If you think you can, you cannot. If you believe you can and work hard for it, you can.
About the holiday that's coming in a few hours, we simply just pushed it forward and we still had to go school alright :/
 may your injury recover soon :D
 my lunch nowadays all dumplings..&lt;3
Ah I need to post this.. Now You See Me was nice to watch.
Malaysia for Jesus! #M4J
what should I do? sigh :(
 because 180 is a standard :P After that i promise i sure gain weight and build muscle :DD
5cm more to 180cm. Body ah body 加油! Then I'm gonna gain weight and build you petty lil fella up.
I can never be perfect, but I know I'll always try to become the best person I can become.
 of course :D
Holiday streak man!!! (not literally a streak but still awesome enough though) :D
Additional Mathematics, probably the best thing to keep you off the internet :/
haha my star Kobe Bryant is now like a fan tweeting about the bball game lakers had :D
我从未爱过你 怎么会想念你 -周杰伦-大笨钟 nice
When I was a kid I thought drinking water was made with coke, and then I understand it's the other way round. lol
It felt like yesterday Dota 2 was just a 2GB thingy (prolly few hundred MB's originally) and now it's 5! #mad
lol what happened to you dota2
I sincerely felt that people who just always have to make fun of others are jerks. Like seriously, from the bottom of my heart. Jerks.
现在的太阳像蛋黄:D
 Yeshhh damn hot wehh!!!!!! :[
Wow! haha I'm surprised by my body's recovering speed! :D
 Welcome :D
 I can totally feel you, *in the same boat*! Good job! They sure very very proud :D
 Exactly!!! 我一向也是很希望我父母会来，有一次他们真的来，那种感觉真的真的很不一样的！很幸福的感觉，应该是这样吧。很难形容。
Pray for Kobe24Bryant...
 千载难逢的机会，呵呵xD
YES! Lakers! FTW!!
 Good luck! :D
il deohagi ireun gwiyomi
Jay Chou Jay Chou Jay Chou Jay Chou!!!!!!! :D (y) &lt;3
When you repeat 是啦 very quickly, you get slaslaslaslasla
When Windows7 says it's 5 mins remaining, it is. But when WinXP says it is, it is actually an hour.
Don't say bo jio if you're not gonna come.
Coughing like hags..
My voice is hoarse as sh*t with sore throat and blocked nose coming like combo and I hope I don't have to shout please.
Yea especially with mother pigs I find in the forests..xD
And no my Twitter didnt get hacked ;)
I like taking pictures in front of a mother pig
Life's good. :)
Won this cute lil piggy by knocking down a bball shot in Pattaya :D  #piggy #pattaya #Thailand 
 oh no why?
 You are ABSOLUTELYYY RIGHTTT! :DD
btw it was Bangkok and Pattaya, yes Pattaya and I watch Ah Gua show there.
Yeah, went to Thailand, gain no height and no weight. :D
 enjoy.. but rules should be stricter to prevent violence :/
@Netalierratic U too, same same... :D
 still need to pack for Bangkok. YAY!
女生在认真做一件事时，样子很可爱。#agree
Must see the inner but not the outer....just like durian xD
 Mati KOKOK! xDD
Gotta pack my clothes now man~
Why can't men learn to be more disciplined and have control over their urges? #ImAMale #Ironic
Excited~ Please Edmund WAKE UP EARLY and don't be LAATE.
Just for one freaking divider I lost 5 marks for my Chemistry Paper. Oh Yeah ._.v
不怕强对手，只怕noob队友 :D
@Netalierratic 人生有几多个十年呢？趁住而家享受生活啦。。咁小就嫌人生烦啊？xDD
Plan: tomorrow, take pictures, skip class, YAY!
statistics...omg...formulasssss!!!
boring..so, solve addmaths questions
iWent sounds copyrighting..hmm.. Edmund Go Chee Heng..
stick with it.
But  sounds better
I am @ChineseBoyBoy now :D
People keep mistaking I'm a with imma! lol! It is so an awkward mistake bro #facepalm
#palmtreepalm when are you gonna understand and change
When you see your friends keep flying higher while you still stay on the ground...not a good feeling :(
@Netalierratic 烦么事喔？(⊙_⊙)？
When you famous, literally everything you said in a second becomes a quote in no time, even the way you laugh--
"Har!"-EdmundWent
took me some thinking time...
Interesting fact, hmm..scary.
Michael Jordan, during sophomore year (age 15-16) was 5'11" (1.80 m). The following summer, he grew four inches (10 cm). Now he is 6'6",198m
RT : Malaysia! Glad to be collaborating w/  to come up w/ the story for their finale ep! You help decide! Watch: http ...
So I chose to wake up everyday being happy for the rest of the days.
Dis freaking sayembara!!!! I have totally no idea how to continue already. Rather than keep on thinkin, might as well play games lah. SHOOT!
个人目前很喜欢这些中文歌手的歌：周杰伦，林俊杰，林健辉，郭静，Bell宇田，王力宏，Kimberley陈芳语 ❤❤
 雨是甜的 &lt;3
林建辉 内伤， 棒！
When you insist on holding on to all those unimportant things, remember YOLO :)
Real friends stay with you no matter what. Even when there's no space for them anymore :D
