金融时报：围捕周永康进入收网阶段 
FT: China closes net around former security chief - 
Censored on weibo: the Tank Man of Venezuela. 
Just three months ago, Yanukovich took several billions dollars of loan from Beijing. 
#Blocked on weibo: A fused flag of PRC (China) and ROC(Taiwan). 
So Iran's Mahan Air says on weibo that Afghanistan split from Iran in the 17th century, true? 
FT: Russia needs to be offered a 'Finland option' for Ukraine, says Zbigniew Brzezinski 
亚努科维奇政府的高官已经被一个接一个换下。Ukraine “: Parliament dismissing old ministers one by one. Regime change by drip drip #sweetrevenge”
委内瑞拉冲突中多人受伤: Several injured in #Caracas as police &amp; #Venezuela opposition activists clash  &amp; 
6,000 people in Hong Kong march against the crackdown on press freedom: 香港记者协会称，超过六千名传媒人士以及市民参加了呼吁保护言论自由的“反灭声”游行。 
乌克兰议会决定暂将總統大权托管给国会发言人，也就是季莫申科的亲信: Ukraine Parliament gives president's duties to assembly speaker 
暴政倒掉了，乌克兰下一步怎么走？#Ukraine: 'The dictatorship has fallen.' But what will take its place? 
The long standing tribal conflict between Mizos and Brus in the Indian state of #Mizoram   "
亚努科维奇皇宫般的豪宅被国有。RT : Yanukovych's opulent residence Mezhyhirya is back to the state - parliament's vote 
乌克兰议会决定将亚努科维奇的豪宅收归国有。
AFP: Ukraine parliament votes to hand President Yanukovych's residence to the state
“新加坡从建国以来一直是人民行动党在执政，不过只有一党执政，和“只可以有”一党执政，是两个完全不同的概念。最起码，不像某个号称“人民共和国”的国家，新加坡没把“拥护人民行动党”写进宪法，任何公民，在宪法允许的范围内，都可以组党并参加竞选。”
AFP: China-Africa trade totalled more than $200 billion last year, Chinese President Xi Jinping said Thursday.
If I am not wrong, no country from the southern hemisphere has won a single medal at #Sochi.
Russian Foreign Ministry says 'illegal extremist groups' taking over in Kiev, Ukraine 
Unlike monarchs, who pass power to their heirs at the moment of death, tyrants must simply survive as long as possible.
In 1996, the pro-Soviet former president of Afghanistan, Najibullah, was castrated, dragged through the streets and hanged.
“The death of a tyrant is always a political act that reflects the character of his power. "
In 1981, the new US President Ronald Reagan declared Gaddafi an "international pariah" and the "mad dog of the Middle East".
The Hemshin peoples were ethnic Armenians whose ancestors converted to Islam in the 1890s through 1920's. 
King Indris of Libya and Queen Elizabeth II at Tobruk in eastern Libya, 06/05/1954 
In 1971, Gaddafi proclaimed his support for the military coup against the Moroccan king. 
The Sahrawi-Moorish tribes remained largely nomadic until the Franco-Spanish rivalry began in early 20th century. 
"Berber attempts to shake off the rule of Arab warrior tribes occurred sporadically, but assimilation gradually won out."
In 2011, Moroccan journalist Rachid Niny was imprisoned after he published sensitive details about Hammouchi. 
#Morocco summons French ambassador over torture lawsuit 
RT :  The three tribes of Foreign Policyland, and why they can't stand each other:  
American flags made in China now banned in U.S. military - CBS News 
For years, beards were frowned upon as symbolic of the Islamist movements that Mubarak considered a threat.
In Egypt, Muslim Brotherhood members generally tend to go with the full but well-groomed beard and moustache.
The mustache is a sign of manhood for Arab men. In 2003, an aide to Saddam Hussein insulted Kuwait’s minister:“Curse be upon your mustache!”
Abu means "father of," and is used as a nickname. A man's friends might refer to him as abu, followed by the name of his first-born son.
In Arabic names, both ibn and bin can be translated as "son of." Osama bin Laden means "Osama, son of Laden."
Ab or Av (ʾĀḇ; from Akkadian abu), sometimes Aba or Abba, means "father" in most Semitic languages.
Taiwan, China reach consensus on nine deals - Taipei Times 
Somchai Samizdat: We Westerners reflexively trust elections, and we do not hesitate to recommend them to others who know better.
The Real Crisis in Thailand is the Coming Royal Succession 
RT :  I am sure #Iran regime leader is watching events in #Ukraine and he is not happy!
Obama's meeting with  meant to "hedge" Beijing's recent assertiveness. 
奥巴马为何选择此时接见达赖喇嘛？ | DW.DE  
BBC News - Venezuela leader Nicolas Maduro seeks talks with Obama 
RT:  ‘I’m not leaving’: #Yanukovich accuses opposition of coup d’etat, calls on EU to fulfill obligations 
章士钊曾经任过段祺瑞政府的教育总长，因刘和珍君一案被鲁迅痛骂过；做过杜月笙的律师；救助过毛泽东2000元大洋，与其私交甚好，文革时幸免于难，而章含之在毛晚年曾做过其半年的英文老师。章士钊第一任夫人吴弱男是近代中国的奇女子。章士钊两个小妾，一个是青楼女子，一个是戏子。
Pavel Lazarenko had hired criminals to run the Ukrainian government and used his position as Prime Minister for corruption.
Tymoshenko is an accomplished oligarch who had made deals with Moscow that would leave Ukraine vulnerable to Russian oligarchs in the future
CNN is not there? Nicolas Maduro is disappointed. RT :  Only Al Jazeera America has Tymoshenko live in Independence Square
季莫申科正在发表煽情演说，哭中带泪 Tymoshenko is crying and speaking to the crowd now - 
What a turn of events! RT :  Yulia #Tymoshenko speaking at the Maidan. #Ukraine #Eurovision
LOL... RT   Et cette raison elle est pas bonne pour faire une révolution ? ^_^ (tweetHUMOUR) 
The politics of Obamacare delays  via 
RT :  13,786 #WikiLeaks documents reference 'Tymoshenko' 
Insight - Fears of Syria militancy expand influence of Saudi prince | Reuters  
In 2009, Prince Mohammed bin Nayef was targeted by a suicide bomber from al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. 
In 1996,John Brennan was CIA station chief in Riyadh, when Khobar Towers bombing killed 19 U.S. servicemen. 
Chinese censors on weibo don't like the fact that some compare the EuroMaiden to the Tian'anmen Square. 
希特勒提醒德國人：近二個世紀來，德國就是被這些外來學說所顛覆，而猶太民
族就是所有外來學說及企圖由內顛覆破壞的總代理。在納粹份子的字彙中，不僅將大戰戰敗的重要原因歸咎於猶太人及馬克斯主義信徒的從中破壞，造成國家分裂及整體力量衰竭；同時將「猶太」與平等主義及馬克斯主義劃上等號。
法西斯主義者深深受到工團主義思想家索瑞爾(Georges Sorel, 1847-1922)的影響，在政治行動上強調暴力的效用及政治「神話」(myth,或譯為「迷思」)的指引。神話是行動的依據，是致力推翻現有體制的決心，是啟發及推動戰鬥的勝利影像。神話在革命行動中是必備的武器。
上个世纪三四十年代法西斯主义（Fascism）的猖獗与三十年代大萧条(The Great Depression)有着直接的关系。在亚洲，“九一八事变”就是发生在1931年，即大萧条发生的两年之后，日本由此走上了战争和法西斯化的道路；在欧洲和南美，情况也大体类似。
Both Kim Philby and his father were sympathetic to Nasser during the Suez Crisis of August 1956. 
Kim's father, known as Jack Philby or Sheikh Abdullah, was a British colonial office intelligence officer. 
Kim Philby served in Washington as Britain's liaison to American intelligence during the cold war. 
Roosevelt told the shah that "failure to act could lead only to a Communist Iran or to a second Korea." 
Miles Copeland was fluent in 10 languages, and had an inate shrewdness that won him friends like Nasser and the Shah. 
The CIA orientalists were shaped by traditional British outlooks and interests even as they tried to forge a new Middle East.
Kermit Roosevelt, Jr. was the grandson of US president Theodore Roosevelt. 
The most infamous example was Kim Roosevelt’s intimate role in the 1953 coup that toppled the Iranian prime minister Mohammad Mossadegh.
As the Cold War deepened, Dulles came to see those nationalists as potential Communists, their causes not to be encouraged but strangled.
CIA agents worked against the British- and French-installed puppet regimes whose grip on power was slipping by the day.
At the end of World War II, with the British and French empires in rapid and terminal decline, the Americans were granted a do-over.
LOL... RT   First level accomplished. 
Socialists on the non-Communist left had greater appeal because they would be more effective in reaching out to the European students.
It’s clear that the C.I.A.’s cultural war wouldn’t have been nearly as effective if it had been public.
The intellectuals took money for what they would have done anyway; the C.I.A. simply allowed them to be more effective at doing it.
Far from being pawns, the intellectuals on the C.I.A. payroll were willing participants in what they understood as the legitimate cause.
由于在二战期间与纳粹合流，欧洲的右派们在战后声名狼藉。与共产主义抗衡，最有效的办法末过于让那些从共产主义阵营脱队出来的知名人士现身说法。用与中央情报局过从密切的历史学家小施莱辛格（Arthur Schlesinger, Jr.）的话来说，这些人是“抵御极权主义的最佳屏障”。
美国表面上反对搞宣传，实际上搞起宣传来比谁都更重视、更来劲、更在行、更不择手段。美国国家安全委员会1950年7月10日的指示对“宣传”作出了如下定义：“有组织地运用新闻，辩解和呼吁等方式散布信息或某种教义，以影响特定人群的思想和行为”。对外，宣传是心理战的一部分。
Documents and ideas produced by the émigrés were perceived as being amongst the most powerful weapons during the Cultural Cold War.
Agencies had to gather information behind the Curtain and this was usually done through tight collaboration with the intelligence services.
"During the Cold War, radio broadcasting corporations had to learn to be objective while at the same time avoid being neutral on key issues"
The balance of power between consumers, oil companies, and producers had shifted considerably since the late 1960s. 
The Great Rapprochement: as early as 1823, the United Kingdom backed up the American Monroe Doctrine. 
Modern Arab nationalism did not emerge until the 1950s, long after the era of native agents had passed. 
After the Anglo-Persian War of 1856–7, Iranians working for the British in Iran were at much greater risk. 
Sharjah ruler Sheikh Sultan bin Mohammed Al-Qasimi wrote a book titled “The Myth of Arab Piracy in the Gulf”. 
In 1946, the Persian Gulf residency left its location in Bušehr and relocated to a new base in Bahrain. 
The Gulf was called "Pirate Coast" by the British, where raiders based there harassed the shipping industry. 
In 1822, the East India Company issued an order forbidding private trade by Company officers in the Gulf. 
Britain's Resident in Bushehr was responsible for maintaining contact with the rulers in Arabia and Persia. 
During the period of British rule, India's population grew from 165 million in 1757 to 420 million in 1947. 
Nigeria is expected to replace the U.S. as the world’s third most populous country by 2050. 
The problem is especially acute in western China as Tibet, where illiteracy rates still run as high as 42%. 
When it took control of China in 1949, the Communist Party made literacy one of its top priorities. 
At independence in 1947, 88 per cent of Indians were illiterate. 
Unlike the Portuguese, the British remained as a separate caste during their rule of the subcontinent. 
The biggest change the British made in the social structure was to replace the warlord aristocracy by an efficient bureaucracy and army.
Without direct foreign interference with its educational system, it is less likely India would have developed a modernizing intelligentsia.
The British chose to elaborate sophisticated and intellectual arguments to justify and explain their rule in India. 
Edwin Montagu (left) was the first British serving secretary of state to visit India in 1917-1918. 
In May 1885, Allan Octavian Hume secured the Viceroy's approval to create an "Indian National Union". 
"Ornithology" should be just "birdology" in Chinese eyes.
No meeting with US Ambassador Nancy Powell, says West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee | NDTV 
India's new states:  #Telangana and Gorkhaland issues unrelated: BJP 
... RT :  No matter what color you are on the outside, to Me you all taste the same.
RT :  Yanukovich says he won't resign. Police and army say they won't take sides. So how to solve this crisis?
MT :  If there's anything that defines the MB, it's the obsession with internal cohesion. But, for them, it has become an end.
And Liang's removal was confirmed by this Caixin weibo post. 
北京国安局长梁克被免职 李东接任_腾讯网 
Beijing's arrested intel chief Liang Ke may have spied on Politburo SC members for Zhou.  
RT :  When the Saudis care so little...heritage, is it any surprise jihadi goons in Syria shld be trashing classical remains?
As the West reconciles with Iran, the justification for Washington’s tolerance of #Baku human rights abuses recedes. 
After decades of hostilities, Communist China is eyeing better relations with its old rival and democratic Taiwan. 
China and US establish dialogue between armies - The Washington Post 
NYT editorial: AKP's crackdown on the internet is just the latest blow to Turkey’s democracy.  
The rise of Narendra Modi: Will India choose Erdogan’s path? - The Globe and Mail by   
Russia now is indignant about American hegemonism in E. Asia? 
's laughable remarks in Beijing — RT Op-ed 
杨恒均（）：不管是被纪委和法律整死，或者被领导亲手弄死，当今中国政坛的“秘书帮”现象都极其不正常 
Sino-American rivalry: China’s new navy is both an expression of power and a means to a diplomatic end.  
Xinhua: Dalai Lama's Third Way request of Greater Tibet is still not acceptable,
达赖“中间道路”图谋1/4国土划入“大藏区”-财经网 
Prospects for Japan's exports are also not optimistic. 
外需的前景将对2014年的日本经济产生重要影响。 
China's bubble economy is slowing down. 中国面临泡沫风险和过剩产能问题的远因是2008年雷曼危机后推出的4万亿元经济刺激政策。 
阿尔及利亚总统布特弗利卡还不准备退休 RT :  BREAKING: Algeria media reports say President Abdelaziz Bouteflika to run for reelection
RT :  Columnist calls #Canada's #Iran policy "churlish asides from the diplomatic peanut gallery": 
Reuters - South Sudan has reversed a plan by local authorities to partially shut down oil production and evacuate foreign workers.
Top official says Chinese security (#Xinjiang) depends on Afghan stability | Reuters  
The rift between the AKP government and the Gülen Movement has turned into an open conflict since the corruption probes opened in December.
Turkish TV series shooting banned over controversial scene depicting the Islamic Prophet Muhammad -  
Ukrainian Olympic Skiier Goes Home In Defense Of Freedom : NPR 
美军将领呼吁中日对话防止出现军事误判: China, Japan need dialogue to avoid "miscalculations": US general 
RT : In Sochi, we saw Vladimir Putin's dream of Russia. In Kiev, we see his nightmare - my essay:  
AP: Russian deputy PM says Cossack militia member who whipped Pussy Riot members "held accountable" for the attack. 
法新社：季莫申科亲信当选国会发言人 RT : #BREAKING Right-hand man of Ukraine's jailed Tymoshenko elected parliament speaker
RT : Lviv mayor condemns calls for separatism, says Ukraine 'll stay united + no civil war despite 'anti Ukrainian politicians'
Ex spy chief of Beijing reportedly arrested for Zhou links- 北京市前国安局局长梁克传因向周永康传递情报被抓 
乌克兰首都基辅已经被抗议者们和平接管: Ukraine protesters take Kiev without a shot 
乌克兰当局似乎已经完全逃离了基辅。RT : Damnedest thing. The authorities in #Ukraine have abandoned the capital. No police cars anywhere.
Nokia working on two high-end Android smartphones: Report 
Anne Frank's Diary vandalised in Japan libraries

Abe's worshippers did it?
LOL... RT : I will introduce a bill to the Duma to change his name to: 
'Yan-you-useless-son-of-a-bych'. #euromaidan
#Ukraine's President #Yanukovich missing as resignation demanded. 
Example of #Xenophobia of the BJP. RT : For Congress, Bangladeshis are more important than their own citizens: Modi
RT : The best information I have is that Yanukovich went to Kharkiv to try to STOP Michael Dobkin's separation movement.
亚努科维奇据称先飞往索契会见普京，再返回老家。RT : Yanukovych is allegedly meeting with Putin at Sochi, then flying back to his home turf in Kharkiv.
席梦思果然就是 Simmons。1935年，席梦思 ( Simmons Bedding Company) 首次进入中国市场，1949年后因中美对立而退出。在改革开放后席梦思重新进入中国市场，大受欢迎，席梦思也成为弹簧床垫的代名词。
A portrait of the "rightists" purged by Mao 北京右派老人状况的一鳞半爪/施绍箕

Xi is taking it slow on case of ZYK to avoid implicating other powerful Politburo members. 第五代在打周老虎时慎之又慎，以剥洋葱方式逐层推进 
Obama meets with Dalai Lama, upsetting China  NO SERIOUS CONSEQUENCES EXPECTED. Beijing is bluffing.
RT : A mad, brilliant, riveting  story by Andrew O'Hagan on ghostwriting for Julian Assange 
好文! 戴晴应该算是一个真的具有使命感的红二代。RT : 胡平：也谈红二代的使命感（上）

石油帮美女政协委员被撤职 The Chinese press now speaks of the criminal "Oil Gang",  but still no mention of ZYK's name.
It's 2007 all over again RT : Good piece from  &gt;Abe's tactless colleagues cause consternation 
. GT sometimes makes great arguments, but the conclusions often lead to one thing: the preservation of corrupt status quo.
RT : Anti-filtering tool  works well in #Iran these days, says tech expert .
RT : WhatsApp got $375m per employee. Welcome to the new economy: extremely lucrative for a few with a perpetual deficit of jobs.
Killing of Vietnamese highlights prejudice in Cambodia - Gulf Times 
Obama and Putin discuss Ukraine deal:  Obama says sanctions will come if violence continues.
  does not speak Chinese. Those twitter accounts alike are managed by PR firms. Surprise?
若周和CCTV女主播车震的传言为真，李志绥书里面 Chairman Mao 的种种风流韵事也就丝毫不足为奇了。
And compared to the New York Times and Bloomberg, CNN has been a good boy these years. Even the iconic Anti-CNN has become M4 Media.
Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro definitely should start to consult the Chinese experts who build and maintain the Great Firewall.
RT :  Foreign TV networks creating 'hate, fear' of Venezuela, Maduro says
胡平（）：过去的君主制度并不鼓励皇帝好大喜功,让你皇帝吃好玩好，尽其所欲，就是为了免得惹事生非。毛为什么要搞大跃进、要搞文化革命。因为他不甘心只做一个中国历史上屡见不鲜的开国之主，也不甘心只做一个位居苏联之後的国际共运的第二把小提琴。毛要的是超越古人，史无前例。
胡平（）：我承认毛既是暴君又是理想主义者，但此二者在毛身上并不矛盾。其实，要是毛仅仅满足於做一个帝王，那倒省事了。从四九年起，毛就成为事实上的皇帝；倘若从此他便安享尊荣，哪怕在私生活上再腐化十倍，其祸害仍属有限。
胡平（）：毛毕竟不是皇帝。毛身边只有保护其安全的卫士，却没有专职管制女人的太监。毛的无上权力纯粹是政治性的，是意识形态化的。他可以凭政治上的借口一句话便打倒任何一个政敌；但对於进入其私生活领域的女人们，毛的权力只好比一门远程大炮，构不成直接威胁。
六八年夏，毛泽东收到巴基斯坦外长送来的一些芒果。为了表示对工人的关怀，毛将芒果送给了北京针织总厂。於是，该厂的工人们举行了崇拜芒果的隆重仪式。紧接着，一只只用蜡仿制的芒果被飞机专程送往全国各大城市，各地纷纷设立祭坛，将假芒果端放其上，组织“广大革命群众”排大队依次序近前致敬。
BBC News - Venezuela 'revokes accreditation and visas' of CNN journalists  委内瑞拉撤销CNN记者证和工作签证。 
根据《庐山会议实录》，老毛决定发难，柯庆施那些职业马屁家的煽动功不可没。而整彭的中枢干将，是刘少奇和彭真，这两人甚至比老毛还起劲。毛共从来有着“白区党”和“红区党”两大派系。后者以“野战军系”为主力。刘少奇是白区派头子，毫无战功，只是一个在打倒“国际派”中出了大力的老马屁家。
中共那种互相举荐，形成个人派系，一荣俱荣，一损俱损的干部制度，较封建社会的科举制度不知倒退了多少年。而老毛收拾政敌的拿手好戏，就是先斩枝叶，从侧面迂回进攻。犹记文革时看毛的内部讲话，毛说：“陶铸这个人我不了解，他是邓小平带进中央来的。”
芦笛: 为了颠覆党的八大，毛泽东竟能隐忍七、八年，直到文革才幵始全面反击，将主持该大会的刘邓打入十八层地狱。类似地，他用公幵赞扬林彪的造神运动和大搞“阶级斗争”来转移党国对“大跃进”灾难的注意，巧妙地颠覆了党的七千人大会，从逆境中崛起，再度成为不可置疑的伟大舵把。
"While US &amp; CN will inevitably have differences from time to time, it is far from pre-ordained that China’s rise should lead to conflict."
Dan Kritenbrink has served as Deputy Chief of Mission at the U.S. Embassy in Beijing since July 2013. 
美國總統奧巴馬接見到訪的西藏達賴喇嘛後，外交部副部長張業遂，緊急召見美國駐華使館臨時代辦康達，提出嚴正交涉。 張業遂說，美方的錯誤行爲，嚴重干涉中國內政，嚴重違反美方不支持藏獨的承諾，嚴重損害中美關係。中方對此表示強烈憤慨和堅決反對。
Washington s'est voulu rassurant, rappelant que "les Etats-Unis ne soutiennent pas une indépendance du Tibet".
Obama reçoit le dalaï-lama, Pékin convoque un diplomate américain  
Goodbye Lenin. RT   16 Lenin monuments went down just today all around Ukraine via  
1937年4月3日，爱新觉罗·溥杰与日本皇族嵯峨胜侯爵的女儿嵯峨浩在东京完婚。溥杰时年30不满，浩女士23岁。溥杰与浩女士的结合，无疑是“日满亲善”的政治联姻。这在溥仪兄弟是一清二楚的。 
1947年，29岁的溥任在父亲载沣的支持下，在王府的家庙办起了竞业小学。1949年10月，溥任出面将醇亲王府卖给了国家。如今，这里是国家宗教局的办公地点和宋庆龄故居。 
1931年，“九·一八事变”后，张学良得知溥杰已去日本学习军事，劝他“及早悬崖勒马”。不过，此时溥杰醉心复辟。再后，二人一在天之涯，一在海之角，世事沧桑，无缘相见。直到1986年，溥杰得知老友张学良出狱获自由，欣然赋诗，深情企盼再度聚首。届时，张学良已年逾90了。
少年溥杰和溥仪一次在宫中追逐玩耍，偶然在养心殿东厢房发现了乾隆皇帝的一件遗诏。他们打开尘封了多年的纸包之后，发现里边藏有雍正皇帝杀害两个弟弟的密诏。这一铁定的事实，证明了雍正确系元凶。乾隆之所以将这一密诏严密包藏起来，并另写了遗诏，言称“后世如有开启者，便不是我的子孙”。
Obama reiterated support for the preservation of Tibet’s unique religious traditions  
Zaifeng (Prince Chun of the First Rank，father of Puyi)and Sir Henry Blake, Hong Kong governor. 
#真惊了 早在秦汉时期，宦官就已经能够合法收养继子。明朝的太监刘瑾，魏忠贤都是满堂妻妾，魏忠贤还与崇祯皇帝的奶妈客氏关系嫒昧，伦理学家认为，宦官取妻，虽然没有夫妻之实，却能够使宦官产生有妻子的满足感，在一定程度上减轻了来自传统宗法观念的压抑感。
Brazil's Political Protests - Larry Rohter - The Colbert Report l 
“The internet is a secret-spilling machine, and the spilling has been very healthy for a lot of people's lives.” 
Bertolucci started his film career as an assistant director to Pier Paolo Pasolini. 
Bernardo Bertolucci, the Italian director of the 1987 film The Last Emperor. 
溥仪：那時我在外國租界里，受到的是一般中國人絕對得不到的待遇。天津有一個英國人辦的名叫“鄉藝會”（Country Club）的俱樂部，是只准許外國大老板進出的豪華游樂場所，中國人是根本走不進那個大門的。我可以自由出入，而且可以帶著我的家人們，一起享受當“特殊華人”的滋味。
各派軍閥與清室有著千絲萬縷的聯繫，他們多數曾任前清高官，在內心都對清室存有感激之情，不願看到“小朝廷”被趕出紫禁城。馮玉祥“逼宮”遭到段祺瑞等人的反對。溥儀出宮後第二天，段祺瑞即在天津發表談話，稱要竭力為清室維持一切。奉天的張作霖也對報界公開表態，強烈反對馮玉祥驅逐溥儀出宮。
日本人殺張作霖，是由于張越來越不肯听話，張的不听話，是由于少帥的影響，要甩掉日本，另与美國結成新歡。因此日本人說他“忘思負義，不夠朋友”。張學良在張作霖死后，臨國奉天之前對溥杰說過：“你要當軍官，我送你進講武堂（奉軍的軍官學校）。”
润麒的姐姐婉容，是末帝溥仪的皇后；溥仪的三妹妹是他的妻子。他既是“国舅”又是
“驸马”，满语称“额驸”。 
UKIP's  has a new header for his twitter profile. 
溥仪：我模仿他（庄士敦，Reginald Johnston）那种中英文夾雜著的說話方法，成天和我的伴讀者交談：
　　“威廉姆（溥杰的名字），快給我把Pencil（鉛筆）削好，……好，放在desk（桌子）上！”
說的時候，洋洋得意。
听得陳寶琛師傅皺眉閉目，像酸倒了牙齒似的。
Russia police detain 200 demonstrators 
徐世昌是袁世凱發跡前的好友，發跡后的“軍師”。袁世凱一生中的重大舉動，几乎沒有一件不是与這位軍師合計的。自從北洋系分裂為直系皖系后，徐已不能憑其北洋元老資格駕馭各方。 
袁世凱死后，黎元洪繼任總統，段祺瑞出任國務總理。紫禁城派了曾向袁世凱勸進的溥倫前去祝賀，黎元洪也派了代表來答謝，并且把袁世凱要去的皇帝儀仗仍送回紫禁城。有些王公大臣們還得到了民國的勳章。有些在袁世凱時代東躲西藏的王公大臣，現在也挂上了嘉禾章，又出現于交際場所。
袁世凯与革命党人交恶、把国民党踢出国会、解散国民党、解散议会等等，朱尔典都表示了支持和理解。他始终督促袁世凯要维护英国的在华利益，在香港问题上，贷款问题上，特别是在西藏问题上，朱尔典始终站在英国立场上。尤其是1912年，在袁世凯内政外交都面临困境的时候，朱尔典还企图让西藏独立。
袁世凯一直渴望君主立宪。1911年12月22日，袁世凯在与朱尔典就唐绍仪从上海发回北京的电报的谈论中，明确反对南方革命派提出的共和制的主张。“在同我的会面中，袁世凯用很强的语气说，他将与共和政体不共戴天，因为他深信共和只会导致国家的分裂和毁灭。”
朱尔典(John Newell Jordan)与袁世凯自从在朝鲜相识以来，一直关系密切，特别是朱尔典在华任公使时期，极力帮助袁世凯，为袁世凯谋取最高权力做了许多工作；袁世凯对朱尔典也是极其信赖，视朱尔典为知己。当时的朝鲜与英国并没有所谓的邦交关系，英国一直承认中国为朝鲜之宗主国。
溥仪：我的學業成績最糟的，要數我的滿文。學了許多年，只學了一個字，這就是每當滿族大臣向我請安，跪在地上用滿族語說了照例一句請安的話（意思是：奴才某某跪請主子的圣安）之后，我必須回答的那個：“伊立（起來）！”
庆亲王内阁陆军大臣荫昌是当时的开明人士中的先行者，他不仅会说外语、穿洋装、行洋礼，而且还娶了一个被保守人士看作蛮夷的德国女子为妻。 
