會覺得坂田銀時帥氣什麼的，我們家的女人也真的沒救了。
It's Possible! Carly Rae Jepsen and Fran Drescher Make Their Broadway Debuts in Cinderella -... 
I think it sounds like something to be excited about. 
RT : Our Philip Seymour Hoffman tribute screenings of The Master continue today, check your local listings for details: http:…
美國南方的男人唱歌的時候會有一種性感的鼻音。
During book fair seasons, I have to resist the urge to buy the whole box-set of Dr.Seuss, Roald Dahl, or Mr.Men... 
I don't always like everything but I certainly try my best to not judge what others like. 
To think that other... 
後知後覺才知道今天是Hiddles生日，真是不認真的fangirl…
希望他能拍出更好的作品，然後去座位多一點的劇場演戲，這樣懶散如我也有搶到票的機會。

Happy birthday :) 
 I should thank you. Your words are powerful, raw and beautiful. It's been a pleasure and great inspiration reading them.
Most of these books have been made into films, some better than the others.
"The Line of Beauty" is great. Really. 
Ya think? 
One more reason not to hate winter. 
BuzzFeed Books is worth visiting every now and then. You'd be surprised by the great things you find there. 
Wonderland Woman   via @buzzfeedbooks
TIME's best pictures of the week, Jan. 31 - Feb. 7 |  via @TIMEPictures
RT : One week left to choose your  Rising Star! Dane DeHaan, George MacKay, Lupita Nyong’o, Will Poulter, Léa Seydoux: https://t.c…
RT : 'Sherlock' producer teases Moriarty return: "Wait and see what’s going to happen.." - 
RT : Learn to stay away from news a little more with the first news addict's tool: 
“: "I was aware of her at every moment. Everything I did, I did for her": new fiction by Karl Ove Knausgaard in TNY Monday.”
RT : Imagine opening a box of chocolates and not pretending it's a miniature cemetery full of edible bodies.
RT : Video: Benedict Cumberbatch reads a mean tweet about himself on 'Jimmy Kimmel Live' - 
RT : The 1970s classic #TAXIDRIVER was released 38 years ago today. #youtalkintome 
逢甲地頭都承認的美食！ 
耶！打卡可以優惠：） — 在豐原廟東酥香苑"香鮮魷魚" 
#LeonardCohen #BookOfLonging #MyTime 
Let's移民到芬蘭？ 
Looks fun. 
Passenger AND Ed Sheeran. Enough said. 
You only hit the road when you're missing home. 
I thought about it. He did it. 
I think it's some great advices. Monday is definitely a no-show. 
這個真的好好笑！
改編歌詞太經典了啦哈哈哈哈哈哈!!!!! 
DAMN CLIFFHANGERS!!! - 在看 Almost Human
RT : If you missed John Ridley, writer of 12 Years A Slave, catch him here

RT : We're preparing our second course. #Hannibal will be served February 28 at 10/9c after .
"I was trying to capture the intangible. You understand, of course, that DNA can be isolated under a microscope.... 
Damn cliffhangers. — watching Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
The "synthetic soul" speech is beautiful. — watching Almost Human
The 1975 - Settle Down (Live) (VEVO LIFT): Brought To You By McDonald's 
Freaking a-camazing!!! 
博客來國際書展特價優惠系列最令人心動的限購明信片get！ 
在噬血病院裡被嚇到精神衰弱，智商都飛走了…竟然失敗了。 
我們關關破關的秘訣就是～把「求救」用個徹底啊哇哈哈哈！ 
先來個伯利恆：） — 在許多門 實境解謎 團體動力工作坊 
連著兩天挑戰！ 

好多路不知道該走那一條。
我也想要吳明益的書！ 
 That's a must-read, then.
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
成功了！我們超聰明的啦！
嚇弱克跟花生也可以轉職consulting detectives了！ — 在許多門 實境解謎 團體動力工作坊 
今天玩古堡也要過關！ 
今天cosplay主題：看似Sherlock的John Watson和Donovan! — 在許多門 實境解謎 團體動力工作坊 
不是星期二但還是放這首當起床歌。 
#Hallucifer is like some super hot/spoiled kid sixth sense. Could be funny. Domestic life and all...
RT : Twitterparty on Sunday!!!! 
 I heard it was good... On a scale 1~10, exactly how good was it?
RT : FUN FACT: The McDonald's Golden Arches represent two nutritionists frowning.
Only #Supernatural can make an unicorn evil. #FreakyPlucky
Riley looks as hot as she did as Red Riding Hood. - 在看 Intelligence
最近看了BBC新拍的三劍客（BBC就經典劇本三十本每五年重拍一次，每三年重做一次廣播劇就好啦。）
我對三劍客電影的印象是1993年，羅賓跑去演大呆牛的版本。小時候最喜歡D'Artagnan，長大就偏愛Athos了。... 
 Hi, I'd like to know is there any way possible I can get the scripts of the show? Or plans of publication, maybe? Thank you.
Today's mind exercise: invent 5 kinds of impossible communication.
In which I had problem narrowing my picks down to 10 movies and I thought f*ck it, let's make it 15. 
Christopher Nolan 電影的劇本。 
How HBO's 'True Detective' Will Change The Way You Watch Television 
如果可以弄到他的劇本就好了… - 在看 True Detective
The Doctor and the Cardinal is the same person...
I don't know how to deal with that! 
How long will I love you - Jon Boden, Sam Sweeney &amp; Ben Coleman
旁邊我妹在播Ellie的版本。 
It's the end of an era. 
這影片感覺超開心的。 
Marvel每次都這樣每次都這樣每次都這樣… 
Oh my. How truly awesome. 
Imagine Dragons - Demons (Live on SNL) 
Imagine Dragons - Radioactive (Live on SNL) ft. Kendrick Lamar
每次現場都這麼棒，就算不出新專輯也無所謂啦！ 
THE GAME IS ON! 
很好看耶。 - 在看 Instructions Not Included
今天來回味舊版Robocop，特效實在讓我忍不住微笑。Good old days. - 在看 Robocop
結果骨子裡也是個high functioning sociopath才會這麼愛這個影集啊。如果我也有高顴骨就好了。 
I scored Sherlock Holmes in the Which Sherlock Character Are You? quiz! 
不知道為什麼，我覺得麥迪遜之橋的百老匯音樂劇讓我有點肚子痛。 
博客來的國際書展是想說過完年正好把紅包賺飽飽是不是？想逼死誰啊。
Definitely something to fangirl about... 
整理票根是一件讓我心情很好的活動。 
客運正在播這部，能查得到我也覺得我有點厲害。
搞不太清楚在演什麼，但武打的戲還蠻好看，沙漠中沒落的悲傷馬戲團設定也夠奇幻。 
不用我自己列清單，也有人這麼做。 
It finally happened!!! 
Don't write words, write actions.
連著兩天跟小我一輪的表妹把所有的Frozen歌唱到爛掉。
Jinx! Jinx again! - 在聽 Frozen (soundtrack)
Kurt 透明的白色襯衫。還有好聽的音樂。

Says it all. 
RT : Retweet if you would literally do ANYTHING to see Det. Boyle's belly dancing moves. #brooklyn99
昨天終於讓我買下去了！吳興國的李爾在此！ 
Finally bought the DVD yesterday! #KingLear by Wu Hsing Kuo the #Shakespeare… 
We are blessed to have another Swedish man steal away the Hollywood screen! #Robocop 
RT : Surprise! Benedict Cumberbatch sheds the serious Sherlock to share some laughs w/ these 2 - stay tuned! #Counterbatch http://t.co/…
RT : LaughingBatch makes us smile MT  Benedict Cumberbatch sheds serious Sherlock to share some laughs  #Counterbatch http://t.…
RT : Philip Seymour Hoffman will be missed. Tomorrow  we rebroadcast the best of my conversations I was priveleged to have …
平常訂閱的頁面和朋友的關係，真的從早上開始就被洗版。
"He stole every scene of every movie that was lucky enough to have him." 
Enemies Unite In THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN 2 Super Bowl Trailer 

Marvel's Captain America: The Winter Soldier - Trailer 2 (OFFICIAL) 
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 -- Super Bowl Ad Part 2 
剛剛好像沒哭夠。我再去哭一下。 
喔，不。又一個我很喜歡的演員bye bye了。
他拍的電影很多我都看過了， 很精彩，真的很精彩。
我要想辦法找時間把他的作品重看一次。

Rest in peace. 
RT : Actor Philip Seymour Hoffman found dead in Manhattan apartment. 
每次國際藝術節都覺得不住台北真的很吃虧耶。
Very very interesting. 
Chinese New Year, time for celebration! I do it by going to a Vermeer expo and watching Robocop… 
仿維梅爾。 
Well... They look more MUTANT than anything, so... 
理直氣壯的做自己喜歡的事吧。 @ 好丘 Good Cho's 
上次聽到這首覺得很好聽，才發現是One Direction的歌。
聽Boyceavenue版本的比較好睡，晚安。 
Instead of giving me a ring, he said:"Why don't you make your own?" 
逛天母創意市集！ 
全家人一起看租DVD看！ - 在看 About Time
這期會大賣喔？ 
It's so fluffy I'm gonna die! 
一開始找工作，忍不住就會想往這方向去發展… 
今天終於要來開始看這本了！ 
初二阿姨家比賽賺紅包，被半路殺出的老爸贏走笑話比賽的紅包，但姐妹三人還是贏了不少啊！ 
初二阿姨家比賽賺紅包，被半路殺出的老爸贏走笑話比賽的紅包，但姐妹三人還是贏了不少啊！ 
黃春明的短篇小說出了新譯本了。
各位中央的朋友，譯者是高滿德老師喔！ 
童年回憶啊！ 
Ngh. I'm liking this. 
這三個也太妖嬌美麗了吧?! 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
初一回老家。
剛剛發佈相片 
Honey you should see me in a crown. 

Coriolanus的直播是不是在播了啦！
 Me and my sisters, we never grew up. Not really. Happy #ChineseNewYear!!! 
We built our kingdom. We built our kingdom on snacks and sugar coma. 
I drew Cas in 3 seconds... #Castiel #Supernatural 
Are they? 
過年可以開著spotify聽音樂。 
過年可以開著spotify聽音樂。 
Go watch it! 
什麼時候我身邊也會有隻黏人的寵物嗎？ 
我還沒看這本書，他的電影怎麼可以已經拍好了！
聽說John Green本人會在電影中露臉喔…
唉呀呀，用OneRepublic的音樂真是深得我心。 
讀到這一頁的時候電腦上正在播Escape我也覺得太神奇了。真不愧是白日夢冒險王的原聲帶… 
OH MY GOD!!! 
It's good to be bad?! 
Are you kidding me! 
IT'S FREAKING HOT TO BE BAD!!! 
Tom Hiddleston試鏡Thor的影片出現了啊哈哈哈！
喘口氣，實在忍不住覺得全身都不對勁… 
簡體書都翻了八本，精裝套書都有，我們有點落後喔。 
上YouTube聽Mahogany心情都會很好。 
光是這個Hook跟這個Blackbeard就願意看這部。
還有這個導演...一定會超美。 
其實我也很喜歡被指定，看大家指定的人物可以窺見對方的興趣和喜好，很有趣。

"The idea is to fill Facebook with a few good movies. The game is easy: to... 
"If you like Pina Coladas, and getting caught in the rain.
If you're not into yoga, if you have half-a-brain.
If... 
Ain't he a beauty?
不就是另一任騷包Doctor嗎？ 
這原聲帶一直給我一種White Heat經典“Made it, Ma! Top of the world!”的感覺。 - 在聽 The Secret Life Of Walter Mitty
The people that make the world tick and the one that makes MY world tick. (Yes. My fandom is my world.) 
原聲帶好好聽，但是還是不喜歡冷天氣啦… - 在聽 Frozen (soundtrack)
人在台灣過年。心與你們同在啦。 
Proof that the 90s didn't suck that bad... 
My room and my books. #EveryDay #DavidLevithan 
「這個遊戲的目的是要讓臉書世界充滿一些好的表演藝術作品，玩法很簡單；如果您看到我的塗鴉牆貼圖，很喜歡，也按讚，那我就會指定一位導演或演員給你，請你在你的塗鴉牆張貼一張你最喜歡的他的作品圖片，然後我們就可以繼續玩這個遊戲。」... 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
今天又成功了啊啊啊！
果然我們很厲害嗎？ — 在許多門 實境解謎 團體動力工作坊 
今天又來打擾啦！
挑戰羅馬浴場啦啦啦！ 
All my favorite people &lt;3 
Rody &lt;3 
「我承諾如果需要什麼，我就會打電話給他。」 
怎麼可以跟這麼討人厭的傢伙一起搭公車?! 
怎麼可以跟這麼討人厭的傢伙一起搭公車?! 
Happy hours! 
Morning. 
咖啡、堅果、焦糖餅乾、蘋果。
A Million Little Pieces. - 在聽 Bruce Springsteen
To start this year off in a loving way, I’m participating in this Pay-It-Forward initiative: The first five... 
耶耶耶是OneRepublic的歌！ 
好喜歡裡面的內頁： #3 #AMillionLittlePieces. #JamesFrey 
好喜歡裡面的內頁： #2 #AMillionLittlePieces. #JamesFrey 
好喜歡裡面的內頁： #1 #AMillionLittlePieces. #JamesFrey 
Now Reading. #JamesFrey #AMillionLittlePieces 
嗯…嗯。 
RT : No he won't, he'll see you next year. It says so at the bottom. 
HBO會播!!!每周日晚上八點。 — watching True Detective
"Follow that car!" 

10 sentences you have to say at least once in your life. 
非常時期用非常方法？電影當然還是要看的啦！ 
看《罪‧愛》抽《咎愛》電影票。
我原本還以為是Ferdinand von Schirach的系列... 
想豪邁的玩拖把來寫書法，勾到耳機線只能說活該了。

我以前都把“I can hear it calling me the way it used to do”聽成 “I can hear it calling me the... 
Yeah. No idea what it means but it sounds cool. 
掃除。雖然一直分心搖頭晃腦。 - 在聽 Led Zeppelin Official
忘記之前是誰貼過這個，上次在店裡聽到整個想要跳起舞來。 
OK，所以這是本羅曼史小說，但你裡面有屍體有謀殺，封面會不會太甜美了點？ 
I have an unhealthy obsession with lists like this. 
一醒來就吃的本能 
這家店的餐具也太可愛了吧。 @ 半蹲廚房 BAN TEN 


