一天到晚在那边吹嘘什么天朝怎么发展快，怎么欣欣向荣，怎么经济好，恨不得马上可以成为第一世界国家的无非可以归为三种人：a.重度脑残.b.五毛党 c.贪官
RT : 【【千日精选】真实的国军是什么样子？(组图)】自小受的教育，中华民国国军，1949年后，中国的课本叫国民党匪军，总是让人十分憎恶的形象。他们或者长得凶恶，脸色青灰，无恶不作 ...  http://t…
没有共匪，中国今天就不会像一坨屎一样，不会这么多人都想往外逃！
听说宋祖英要来多伦多？谁能送几张票我去现场扔几个香蕉皮和鸡蛋？
Nexus 5 到了，很激动，冲击很大，屏幕太给力了




Montreal sucks as hell! 

中华人民共和国应该改名为马列共和国
中华民国才有资格代表中國，中华民国才是真正的中國
政府决定除夕不放假 中国民众问怎么过年 
大陸沦陷区真厉害，除夕都要取消，真tm一群马列走狗



Elliot turned. 
Watching Chinese artist and dissident Ai Weiwei on Q 
iOS 7 looks gorgeous!
Do NOT wanna attend this boring crap.

It's getting cold.

So many fucking Chinese came to Toronto, fucking this city up. Crap!
Impressive article! - Would be volunteer resents criminal check 
That's blooooody impressive! - Grand Theft Auto V s Map Versus Major Cities 
Grand Theft Auto V s Map Versus Major Cities 
ˈspin-off
ˈspɪnɒf $ -ɒːf
noun
1 a television programme involving characters that were p...

#unidict #LDOCE5 
Fabulous website for ipad wallpapers 
一路奔波，累死
RT : RT @flighto: Why send yourself emails when there is ? Check out tips for using your Evernote email address http://t.…
老子有一种想把中国人杀光的冲动
Fuck Chinese
中国人是世界的人蛀虫
民族英雄受到如此待遇，這是中華民族的恥辱與悲哀。大陸淪陷區有何資格代表中國？中華民囯不會亡，哪怕這個自稱是中國的國家抹黑你們，篡改歷史，但中華民族不會忘記你們，總有一天青天白日滿地紅會在淪陷區飄揚
Tiger mom Amy Chua is bitch.
在我看来，Amy Chua 这样的人就是一傻逼，还到处炫耀，真‘tm丢人，在你眼中，不是全A的孩子都是loser?
Don't work with jerks.
RT : 中国“硬币”的两面：独裁之罪与平庸之恶   本文从近期中国发生的多起事件，如杜斌被捕、对叶艾抗议的争论、斯诺登事件导致的中国狂欢，指出独裁之罪与平庸之恶在中国如何相辅相成，维持专制于不坠。
Tired and bored.
I'm bored.
70,80年代的中国年轻人很了不起，追求自由，民主，平等的道路上他们奉献了青春和生命，他们虽然不被提及，不被公开纪念，但是少数今天的年轻人和大多数当年的年轻人都不会忘记。在看当今的中国年轻人，垃圾中的垃圾
In memory of thoso who sacrificed thier life for liberty and democracy of our country.
RT : 六四运动的诉求，至今仍然是中国走向现代社会的主要诉求：反腐败反官倒（即反特权），要求民主。今天的红色政权就是红色家族享受特权的制度保障，中共排斥民主，就是不愿意放弃特权及其收益。中国的民主与反民主化斗争，永远也绕不过24年前这一诉求。
血债血还！纪念64遇难的同胞！
有耍流氓的政府就有流氓國民。
 哇日！順爺啥時翻牆了？
RT : What does it take to get protein on your plate?  
RT : Why Toronto students are questioning whether Wikipedia really is open to everyone: 
Amazing Beatboxer Harassed by Police:  via @youtube
TTC SUICIDE DOCUMENTARY:  via @youtube
We, as postgraduate students, shoud be treated as adults, which is definitely self-evident, rather than young kids!
这俩房东真是人渣中极品
和人渣真的没有必要费口舌
多伦多这屌地方，不懂为什么这么多。人都想来，当然我也是脑残
RT : Chinese citizens turn the tables, use social media to expose corrupt officials 
RT : Hartpury is such a beautiful place! Please just let me go there now? 
RT : RT if you agree: We need to keep growing our economy from the middle out—not go back to the top-down policies that cras ...
RT : Jon Hendren: "Theory That Explains Everything: Donald Trump is alternate 1985 Biff".... 
RT : Life is short, time is fast. No replays, no rewinds. So just enjoy every moments you have and make the best out of it.
睡不着
Exhausted
 funny
RT : Man shot at 1 Lee Centre Drive. SIU expected at scene soon  
RT : . confirm man,31,shot once in chest by #Toronto police officer.Woman,30s,stabbed in neck/eye.Lee Centre Rd ht ...
RT : Photos; Man shot; female stabbed. Police involved shooting  enroute Lee Centre DR #Toronto #Scarborough http: ...
Pollutants and poverty research in Toronto.  
中国死了
武汉又沦陷了
Garageband Oasis Wonderwall Intro tutorial 
星坎2011決賽宣傳短片| 2011 UC SingCon Final Promo 
Listening to Conspiracy Show by Richard from CBC.
I'm in Toronto.
Im back!
不容易翻墙出来，大陆沦陷区的防火墙害国害民！
一个连街头的小偷都不敢呵斥的民族，却有勇气高呼灭了小日本。这个连活着同胞的苦痛都漠不关心的民族，却有脸说不忘死去的同胞。
向英勇抗戰的國軍戰士們致敬！歷史不能被淡忘，更不能被扭曲！---民國101年8月15日 
Lopez Lomong: From war child to U.S. Olympics star  #cnn
举国体制下的中国体育，夺取一枚奥运金牌的成本是7亿元，可建造3500所希望小学，挽救35万儿童避免成为文盲。夺金牌举全国之力，建希望小学却要民间来承担，荒谬的国家！
导致灾难的原因还没弄清楚，死亡具体名单还没弄清楚，受灾基本情况也还没弄清楚，又开始呼吁募捐了，捐你妹啊！ 政府的税收呢？国库的银子呢？支援外国的时候好像很有钱吧？三公消费的时候好像很有钱吧？贪污腐败的时候也好像很有钱吧？为何一遇天灾人祸就指望老百姓 呢？为何？
RT : 自从我国引入劫持人质现场谈判专家制度以后，劫匪被击毙的几率反而提高。专家们 把现场谈判的录音拿来研究，发现总是到这 一句时谈判宣告破裂：“你一定要相信党和政府。”
【热点互动】天津大火烧掉了什么？,视频节目评论访谈热点互动直播 -新唐人電視台  【热点互动】天津大火烧掉了什么？.html via @sharethis
在香港国际机场。
So long! Britain...
going home from Cardiff.
马上要回天朝了
Alan Turing - Celebrating the life of a genius:  via @youtube
香港观察：回归十五年前夕的三个名字 
青青校樹 萋萋庭草 欣霑化雨如膏， 聽唱驪歌 難捨舊雨 何年重遇天涯？
HTC一键解锁工具（HTC刷机已经不用Root/降级/S-OFF啦

RT : RT : 抱怨体制是件极端容易的事情，而一个真正的异见分子需要有多么大的勇气去用实际行动和体制碰撞，多么强大的内心去面对和体制绑定的亲朋好友，多么强大的实力使自己即便在不与公权合作的情况下还能维持体面的生活，需要付出多么大的牺牲 ...
RT : Corporate social responsibility - how far has Nike come? 
@bradleyrogers6 @EmilyHchalk

::首播::Mayday五月天【洗衣機】MV官方完整版:  via @youtube
RT : 《每日电讯》转述港《新维月刊》的消息，披露薄熙来为除掉王立军曾策划了三套方案，一是伪装被黑老大报复因公殉职；二是因王贪污腐败败露而畏罪自杀；方案一执行太难；方案二有辱打黑功绩，于是方案三：王压力过大，精神不稳定。还披露薄试图绝食自杀 原：h ...

Pal, the goddamn truth is that cramming doesn't work sometimes.
The Masterplan 和人生海海的歌词有着惊人的相似，隔着大洋彼岸的两只乐队却对生活有着如此相似的态度，如此高深的领悟，人类的心都是相通的，不受地理，语言的约束...
Cramming n awaiting.
valentines day - A Pointless and worthless day invented by Hersheys Confectionary Co..  via 
Just have sent her the postcards, hope the delivery is safe n fast.
On my way to downtown n send Vivi the postcards.
为何沦陷区居民去祖国看看都不行？
Add This: 
Most Shocking - High Speed Pursuits FULL EPISODE:  via @youtube

Please turn off the lights, we can't see the stars: Please turn off the lights, we can't see the stars 

stratford-upon-avon
World's Most Dangerous Roads - Nepal (2011) [BBC]:  via @youtube
超可爱的兔子 
China Dissident Fang Lizhi Dies - 
悲催的留学生活
RT : Everyone deserves to live with dignity. #OWS
RT : 白玛赤林说游客过多，不会给生态环境带来压力，是无知。因为西藏生态系统非常脆弱，极易受破坏。美国的黄石公园远比西藏好，但每年规定游客数量，只对外开放七个月，限制狩猎。如果等到西藏生态破坏了再来保护，悔之晚矣。中共一直鼓励虚伪与无耻，是以汉人爱 ...

BBC News - Falklands 30: Brian Hanrahan's memories 
Got my HTC Sensation updated to ICS.
伦敦，最美的星空，最好，最后的温柔
Where am I now?
PRC, there is hardly a warlord, dictator or despot anywhere in the world that your're not  on a first-name basis with.
Evil prevails when good men fail to act.
22 Unexplainable Mysteries Spotted on Google Maps 
ANDROID 4.0 ICE CREAM SANDWICH ON HTC DESIRE!:  via @youtube
Its faster to tweet by using widget.
First Look: 2013 Ford Super Duty Platinum Series - 


The 5 Most Powerful Words in Sales 
China's Sina Weibo microblog nears identity deadline 
Postcard from Christchurch. 
undefined:  via 
刚刚16：50左右去了student service，拿到了Vivi寄过来的明信片，很感动，很高兴！
RT : 【人民代表大会已蜕变成官商代表大会】据中央党校的教授王贵秀统计，全国大代表中70%是各级党政官员；剩下的30%，大半为大型企业或公司的董事长、总经理。如此“人民代表大会”，实际应该与时俱进的改为"全国官商勾结代表大会"，无必要再拿“人民 ...
好久没有发布推特的状态了，写点什么呢？最近论文多，换了个手机，htc sensation,感觉还行
Coldplay Discusses New Album 'Mylo Xyloto' on 'GMA'  via 
天佑叙利亚人民，那些投反对票的走狗必将和独裁者一起下地狱！
RT : God has no Phone, but I talk to him. He has no Facebook, but he is still my friend. He does not have a twitter, but ...
 Sure, it really reminds me of Butterfly Effect.
RT : Sometimes life is like math. The tiniest mistake can change everything.
RT : 人权理事会昨日以37票赞成、3票反对、3票弃权的表决结果通过决议，强烈谴责叙利亚当局继续大规模蓄意侵犯人权和基本自由，对叙当局在贫民区使用重武器表示痛惜，要求其停止一切侵犯人权的行为，停止袭击平民。中国、古巴、俄罗斯投了反对票。
RT : 人不仅仅是一种简单的生物个体，更是上帝的造物，上帝给我们理性与理智，给我们尊严，给我们做人的荣誉，这也是上帝的荣誉，对这些价值的放弃是对上帝的冒犯。
20110520 - Just Rock It - 温柔:  via @youtube

Johnny Depp

KIRF iPhone-branded gas stoves seized by Chinese authorities 
Funny as the Eco of apple named time cook
Im on the way to Gloucester city center by Swan brook bus. Via my XOOM
10 things the Motorola XOOM can do the iPad can't | Nerd Business Blog  via 
RT : 住在北京外籍律师Stan Abrams China Hearsay blog论 苹果电脑在中国iPad商标 纠纷 Apple vs. Proview: The Assignment Agreement! 
RT : 哈佛大学：一个林书豪顶两个总统！ "哈佛向以政治家的摇篮著称，体育运动则默默无闻。从第二任总统亚当斯，到现任总统欧巴马，哈佛出了八位总统，但是有资格到NBA打球的却只有四位。换句话说，对于哈佛大学而言，一 ...
哄我入睡 - 陳信宏(阿信):  via @youtube
Hong Kongers Protest Plan Allowing Mainlanders to Visit by Car – chinaSMACK 
估计再过几年，港人，台湾人，大陆人的界限会被划清得更明显...这一切都是什么引起的？1949年后，沦陷的不光是领土，我想道德也跟着某党的非法夺权上台一起沦陷了
BBC News - Playstation Vita ready for Europe launch 

How To Tell If A Girl Is Attracted To You (Dating Tips For Men) 
BBC News - Bristol bus driver Gavin Hill who drove into cyclist jailed 
勿忘烈士鮮血滿地，但願朝陽常照我心
你不是一個飄逝的國號
你是我們永久的憂傷
你逝去的背影讓我絕望
我曾經拒絕向紅旗敬禮
我也拒絕佩戴紅領巾
發誓要等國軍回來
可是我等到頭染白霜
再沒見到你那草綠色的軍裝
中華民國 你是我永久的憂傷

祖国从1949到2011，从一个伟大母亲变成了一个虚伪的婊子
为什么我的眼里常含泪水，因为我的祖国是他妈个婊子！
the browser is not bad at all except lag.
The End of Wall Street As They Knew It 
Im tweeting via Xoom .
How long does it take? UK Amazon delivery.  
I'm using HTC sensation.
Bloody vital for my Research Project : Social Media’s Influence in Purchase Decision  via @slideshare
BBC News - Another cold night for UK as temperatures plunge 
I just bought: 'Motorola Xoom 10.1 inch Android Tablet (1GB RAM, 32GB Memory, 3G + Wi-Fi, Android 3.0,... via @amazonuk 
MAYDAY JUST ROCK IT Wembley Arena | MAYDAY JUST ROCK IT Tickets:  via @AddThis
RT : 圆周率真的等于3.14吗？我们的教科书真实率低于5%，连数学也不例外。 
最近爆红的一篇妙文：中国式尊严 引无数P民竞泪奔
Man falls 47 Stories and lives to tell about it.:  via @youtube
Police smash pensioner's car window after chase   UK news   :  via @youtube
I support #wikipediablackout! Show your support here 
當面握著她的手說出這些話，真的是第一次，結果注定是悲劇的，但是過程要比想像中好...
剛剛幾分鐘前完成了大學生涯中的第一次和女生表白...
Wonderwall 1968
Music by George Harrison.  
新年快乐！Happy New Year！ 伦敦时间2012年了
Mayday 2012 Taipei.  
Happy New Year!!!
In pub.
Lovely cat. 
Shopping around
Arrived in Witney.
真实历史'国军抗战 
Role Ambiguity and Role Conflict Within Interdependent Teams 
Small Group Research April 2001 32: 133-157, 
My lunch. 
Alan Tapp from carefree to.... 
Motorola Xoom 2 review 
We occupy because our leaders no longer represent us.
 Definitely!
Trailer. Touch.  
Check out this SlideShare presentation : Social Media in China 
