农历新年快乐! 恭祝各位 财运亨通 心想事成!
lorde's music are super motivating
RT : Pink is really basically totally awesome. #GRAMMYs - J
's tweet never ever fails to crack me fuck up !
RT : Pretty girls should drop the act. Ditch the cam and stop pretending you're taking pics of other people when you live to be ph…
 u might as well inbox message me one if u're shy
 4A*sss???
all the tweet about JB getting cagged up in jail just crackes me fuck up
RT : Give me some of that celeb money and I guarantee you I'd be chauffeured in a Bentley or a rolls.
RT : All that celeb money and they can't get a fucking chauffeur...............
RT : The only crazy part of Justin Bieber arrest is that he was "popping anti-depressants all day." Anti-depressants take like 3…
 never not eat anything cuz its expensive !
like bak gua is literally the only thing that i look forward to cny !
CNY IN A WEEK !!!! EAT ALL THE BAK GUASSSSSSSSS
 贱人就是矫情！
 我今晚得空哦 hahaha
Me waking up at 530 just now 
 我也是！钱给他是拿来开灯的！
“: 真的不知道马来西亚的街灯是不是拿来摆美的!!” 好像真的是
 我的一号忠实粉丝
 excuse me I welcome every tweets please just that no one give me fucks sia
 and at times i feel like im the voice of my generation ! hahahha
bad traffic kills your mood and the positive vibe and its not healthy !!!
 have fun in the US !
wasnt sure if its a good thing but whatever, its like i havent tweet something in a long while
the only thing i find stressful about work is the fucked up traffic and the hardship that i need to endure waking up in the morning
  me too please !!! i finish work at 6!
  hello!!!! still going to get our haircut ???/
  bonjour
gotta get back to work after 2 long days of slacking
  onz mm onz ? on one sound not on two sound
RT : Superman Selfie 
  jomsssssss ask that shake leg one go plan
 can can can when when when
Accurate ": This is you  HAHAHAHA RT : my reaction to almost everything ”"
 junior writer at some webstore ! But was more like an intern haha
 -charming. end ! 140 words problem !
 -high price maintainance which i refuse to pay, because i dont find repairing and "beauty-fying" that shitty piece of steel-
 both cab and private vehicles send u to work safely and were mere mechanics that was built out of steels, and the latter incur-
A stomachfull of griefs and angst !
 i cry ! i never de zui their hormones !!!
 *ammused i mean
 i was just assumed by my parent's irrelevance and stupidity
fuck car and fuck roads im going to take a cab the rest of my life
-re about how irresponsible and how immature that i was to put the blame on OLD KLANG ROAD?  I mean like, really ????
-and then i told them i've got a scratch due to some unknown reason which i couldnt care much about, then my parent gave me a fucking lectu-
totes fucking speechless. came back and complain about how terrible was the traffic at old klang road, and the mindfucked reckless drivers-
: “: #邵逸夫 爵士離世終年107歲 無綫深感哀悼 " thank u for all the childhood memories (dont grew up watching Disney or nickelodeon)
 writing for company's product la !
 when are u leaving first
 来哥哥来安慰你
was writing about this velvet sneaker from prada, like really ? velvet sneakers ?
 any extra jobs for 
 i ask my boss first !
 ohhh ok !!! lemme think !!!
 one day 200 or 5 days 200 ?
and apparently i have colleague that think data entry is really therapeutical
RT : 
midnight in paris was too good
 
'"Everything I like is either illegal, immoral, fattening, addictive, expensive or impossible. That's all."
RT : Everything I like is either illegal, immoral, fattening, addictive, expensive or impossible. That's all. http://t.co/LHS7fsEq…
 the laughs that we fake out in starbucks SS2 hahaha
happy new year     love you guys
RT : Let's just cancel New Year's Eve
RT : 数十名集会者走到Panggung Bandaraya（独立广场前）前举横幅。 
i think my mid night baking habit has turned into OCD
scored 27 and i guess im pretty normal ?
doing this super akward AQ test LOLLLL
windows 8 is so fucking obnoxious !
 how to quit this google chrome apps? Cause if I close this window right my music will stop 
how to fucking use windows 8
  你还懂我的存在?
 Tmr what time
 come lets go uncle jang's tonight
too tired for everything
 what's not to watch about it ?!
": 美國知名巧克力大廠Hershey's即將在柔佛士乃設廠，預計明年初動工，投資額超過8億令吉，提供400個就業機會。" STEAL ALL THE CHOCHOLATESSS
cant wait for girls season 3 already !!!!
 赶快示威
RT : 居鑾龍城衛星市一間電話店發生砍人事件，據了解，一名華裔男子在開店時，四名男子突然用刀猛砍男子，受傷男子已送往醫院，現場血跡斑斑。
 aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
 yu lan jie kuai le
beyonce's XO is too good !
joyeux noel!
 NO
期待
 guo liao la !
always admires people who are smart, independent, has earning power + pay themselves.
DONE WITH THE WRITE UP!!!!!! OMG CHO HAPPY, MOTIVATED THAN EVER!
so depressed and agitated
how do i even write if i have zero perspective in life
its like the more i write i felt like im flavorless jelly, zero substance,bland , pretentious waste of space.
The fucking sun is so agitating !
 and your miley cyrus inspired display pic is not very charming as well
 wtf was that suppose to mean. an hour. really?
 gurl u free need u to check on my grammars
has nothing to say about everything
 go on google search then u type google hangout then u sign in yout email thats all
 go on google hangout !!!
 fasterly please google hang out please . dont know how to download skype with this computer
so not inspired to write but shits due tomorrow.
spent so much time on figuring out how to use dropbox and stupid open office. fuck techs and grown-up programs
endless overdue work. My to-do-list is seamlessly useless.
 go on google hangout please need help
 purdy ! say real one !
fucking retards who kept people waiting.
 i going your place later
 are you back from pangkor yet???
so many computer shits to learn
 publika parking lot 我最熟!
 hi
Luckily the traffic was pretty civilized today.
WORST WORKING DAY EVER ! forgotten where i parked my car ! Took me almost an hour to find back the car; it was a great work out tho
 bitch please not good for me
Politicians using Mandela’s name but not following his lead.
 我想象力没有好到联想起那个人
 I wasn't referring to jay Chou -___- I was referring to chow kit rd// 周杰路
Too much rants, too little energy to tweet it out.
 LOLLLLLL
 祝你好运 hahaha
 the tweet wasn't pun intended actually. Being forced to look at banglas loitering ard red light districts wasn't charming tho' .
Lollll": Instagram. RT : How come a lot of fashion people don't wear gloves?"
 哥去uni你去college
 这个罪孽由哥替你偿还吧 
周杰路的存在就是一个完全无法弥补和原谅的错误
RT :  story of my life 
 aiyer have fun o remember to swin ard the island
 wouldn't mind if it's crowded with people who I loved and respect worthy.
People need to stop overreacting (which also includes sharing) to Vanessa's 16th birthday. What's with the craze actually ?
say somthing's music video is too damn sad!
 where's your office ?
 what choice did u made
2013: The girls who are struggling to grow up and figure things out are the girls from Girls .   via 
RT : At the bustop we saw this. Me and Josh were like "Fwah. Our police marketing team damn efficient hor?" Haha http://t.co/3Zk…
 law firm ?
FUCKING NEIGHBOUR MAKING THIS STUPID WHISPER AND MONKEY NOISES WHICH GAVE ME GOOSEBUMPS
 真系尬?!
This atuk song on hitz.fm is obnoxious and distasteful.
Stuck in the traffic for almost 2 hours to get home from KL
感谢  祷告，我有幸存活至今
 HAHAHHA 给我大肆宣传
 信主的!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 这样好像很不对
 damn ma lat !!! but the fei po damn funny keep making funny faces !
  还没有还钱那种!
  占便宜还到处乱宣传这么不要脸只有他作的出
RT : 'Cause I spent every hour just going through the motions, I can't even get the emotions to come out. Dry as a bone, but I jus…
 it ends pretty well right ?!
procrastinating on twitter is possibly the best remedy
 hellos too ! my brain is  going through some epic fuck fest with some frggin ghost now hahahah
I mean the weirdest part about having a job is that u still need to finish up all the work even if u don't feel like it
Please grant me the power to finish all these random write ups so that I can continue with girls
  made oreocheese cake that tastes pretty decent the other day i have like a quater left over in the fridge hehehe
  holidayyyy!!!!
my life is a mess and i knew it was a personal choice and i feel like i should unchoose the choice right now .
Catching fire was beyond awe, can't wait for mockingjay already !
 good morning read
RT : my dumb ass brother in-law kanye defies laws of physics, for he is Yeezus 
RT : I rarely RT Buzzfeed but... RT @ BuzzFeed: Someone marked every death in the Game of Thrones series 
 so u wanna tag me along or not ! i've been dying to watch catching fire !!!!
 i just did ! so im pretty much onz at all time
 I want !!!!!!!!!!!
Africans can smell like mobile toilet at times. I mean the really nasty ones.
Love the idea of how business studies can be so fucked up and make your life so fucking miserable.
@cherryonmycake 韩国毕业之旅哈哈哈哈哈
 love uu
 plan 是没问题，钱你给就好
 my phone whatsapp sot dy again! see u soon !!! thank u !!!!
 my whatsapp's not functioning again!!!! so excuse my late reply! really appreaciate it ! xxxxx
 love you bb
 bj come early tmr ! like early early
sooo worried for paper 3 tmr ! objectives are way tougher than essays !
 thank you!!! u wanna film sing a birthday cover song for me kah ?
 HAHAAHAHAHAH *stretch arm pose* 走开！！！
 after a levels must hang out with   oh hehee
 几时到你
i also missed going back home with  and bitch about  做作精s and how they should be banned
 hahahaha u send that to everyone on their bday ?
 love you too xxxx
    nah so late only wish. i waited till 12 am on your bday !
Love y'all   .Skipping classes morning shopping. Best bday gift yet . Just like highschool
Yeap, it's the time of the the year again!  reminding us that life isn't always fair 
 tcheshing sit back shake legs hahaha
 died of drug addict
“: A levels ”
Can't wait for catching fire already
Fuck u business studies. Fuck you .
Kissing central saint martins big goodbye . Loves it
Business paper Pretty please pretty don't pattern banyakkkkk
 还眨眼的嘞
RT : Kanye West Boldly Claims Kim Kardashian Is More Influential Than Michelle Obama 
150 singdollars for daughther's ticket lol...
Do I look like I don't need another extra shot ?
Stupid Starbucks barista asked me whether do I still need an extra shot because there's already 2 shots of expresso in the latte. I mean
  红颜薄命哦
 wtf hahahaha y so 大吉立时
 anything worth reminiscing ? Hahaha
 u r too sensitive girl. Sacrasm radar fail
 growing up realness
 u r too sweet
