我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
Attention plzzz!!
Puma- Liga Finale GC Gloves

Size: 7-11 including ½'s
Palm:3.5mm supersoft latex palm
Cut: Flat... 
Glovex

Glovex Goalkeeping was established in 2011 by Matt Phillips and then co-owner Niall Conroy. In the two... 
Test it tonight@JKSportsUK 
Lotto- Gripster GK250 II Gloves

The palm is crafted from 4mm of top quality “Graphite” German latex which... 
RT : OFFER: if we get 50 RT's by 11.59pm tonight we will pick 4 people who will get 50% off any pair of gloves they want - must RT &amp; f…
HO Basic Protek Roll GK Gloves

Sizes: 7 to 11 including half sizes
Palm: 3 mm. Supersoft Grip
Cut: Roll/Neg... 
RT : We will be giving these Ghotta Pros away 2 a lucky keeper when we reach 13,500 followers. Retweet and follow 2 enter http:…
Adidas-Predator Rollfinger Goalkeeper Gloves 

Backhand: SOFT latex
Closure: Wrap Around
Glove Type: Roll Finger... 
Calma Seguro Aqua (Roll Finger) gloves review

This gloves is very close,but it just a roll finger.Also it have... 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
Puma-PowerCat 1.10 Grip

This pair of Puma goalie gloves uses 4mm Absorb Grip Latex in the palm. This means that... 
Adidas-Predator Pro Wet Grip Goalkeeper Gloves

Taking to the pitch with enhanced wet weather grip between the... 
Quick delivery and high quality,Like Goalkeeper Sharing to see the review:)  
Daughtry - What About Now:  來自 @youtube
Aspire equipment 
Pay attention for this,Aspire equipment is a new brand for goalkeeper gloves.The highest... 
Sells - Wrap Club Supersoft3 - GK Gloves

Size: 8.5-11 including ½'s
Palm: 3mm Supersoft3
Cut: Roll Finger... 
PB GK Gloves-Negative Cut Review(2)

After my training,just want to say that is a great negative cut gloves in... 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
6-a-side training! 
Test it again,and I will write a review for this later. 
Sells -Silhouette Supersoft 3 GK Gloves 

Size: 8.5-11 including ½'s.
Palm: 3mm Supersoft
Cut: Negative... 
Check out iGrann - Client for Instagram in BlackBerry World! You can find it at 
Please like it 
JK Sport
Jk Sport is a new UK based goalkeeping brand that has recently set up. They provide JK Classic (Roll... 
Reusch- Argos SG Elite Special GK Gloves

Palm: 3.5mm SG soft grip latex
Cut: Rollfinger
Backhand: SG allover... 
Pre wash
When u buy a new gloves,the first thing u need to do is not pre-match or training that.It should be pre... 
Nike- GK Premier SGT

DESIGN: Pre-Curved Bio-Align Technology positions the hands in a catch-ready position and... 
Sorensen-Top saves

 
PB GK Gloves-Negative Cut Review
Firstly,this gloves has a elasticated cuff with wraparound strap.That is... 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
Mitre- ANZA G2 PROTECTOR

-Flat palm glove with finger protection spines to prevent finger injuries
-Hard... 
Schwarzer-Top saves

 
PB GK Gloves is a small brand of goalkeeper gloves.They  providing Pro quality goalkeeper gloves to keepers of... 
UMBRO- NEO VASE 

This gloves has 3mm latex palm.A Semi rollfinger palm and thumb wrap control for better... 
Mitre- Anza G2 Pro Negative 

It has Negative cut with negative cut thumb.4+4mm M-Tech Supersoft XP latex.Half... 
Wash your gloves
  After the match or training ,you should wash your gloves asap.It can remove the... 
Weidenfeller - Best Saves 

 
Weidenfeller - Best Saves 


Adidas-Predator Pro UCL Goalkeeper Gloves

Offering 100% water resistant protection, these goalkeeper gloves... 
Adler-Top saves

 
RK1`s Elite FP Size 8  Gloves Review
  
First of all,Wrist strap is good as well, nice and cosy.Just no any loose... 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
Glovex, a new small brand of goalkeeper gloves.Glovex Goalkeeping was established in 2011.They provide a high... 
Handanovic-Top saves

 
HO-Team Roll Snr GK Gloves

Palm: 3 mm. Supersoft Grip
Cut: Rollfinger
Body: Light Breathable Mesh
Backhand:... 
Puma-PowerCat 2.12 Protect GC Goalkeeper Gloves 

This gloves is roll finger`s cutting.Built with innovative... 
Victor Valdes-Best saves 2006-2013

 
Finished the Arsenal`s part,we come back to the small brand.
 
RK1`s a UK local goalkeeper gloves brand which... 
Frey-Top saves
 
Warrior-SKREAMER PRO GOALKEEPER GLOVES

A pro goalkeeper gloves by Warrior,4+4mm HPR-Tac palm for optimum... 
Seaman 
In 1990,Arsenal use £1.3 million to sign up Seaman. The 1990–91 season saw Seaman concede only 18 goals... 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
Given-best saves
 
Sells -Wrap Axis 360 Replica Roll Finger

The Wrap 'n' Roll cut of these Sells Wrap Axis 360 Replica Roll... 
Lehmann 
Lehmann joined Arsenal on 25 July 2003,he played every match as Arsenal went unbeaten for the entire... 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
Reusch- Keon D1 Ortho-Tec

The Reusch Keon D1 Orho Tec use on hard surfaces. D1 latex foam is designed for... 
Top 10 saves-Abbiati
 
Szczesny 
  Szczesny is the Arsenal`s number one goalkeeper now. On 22 September 2009, Szczęsny made his first... 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我發佈了一張新相片到 Facebook 
Go Arsenal tomorrow!!
Welcome Peter to join our team!!
In London Café Rouge.
Arsenal has many goalkeeper. Seaman,Lehmman,Szczesny.All of them are  popular goalkeeper in Arsenal.This week we... 
Good morning!!
Happy New Years!!!2014:)
♫ Red Hot Chili Peppers  #NowPlaying
Merry Xmas@Shirleyjai   @ItsPeteRowley  
♫ Powerful by Eric Wu  #NowPlaying
Anyone tell me how to stop Suarezzz goal??
#BBMme PIN:2B392EB0 
 Follow me
Suarez is unstoppable now! 2-0
Finish my class and exam+x+
Oh,is 4-0 now two goal for suarezzzzzz
Is 3-0 and Flanagan has his first goal in Liverpool
Is 2-0 now!!
Suarez is unstoppable now!!
Watching Th vs Liv now!!
Brilliant move by Daniel Bryan!!
What a boring day........
6-3 what a game!!
Listening the presention 
Finally, finished!!!#exam in monday*_*
Have a final presentation tomorrow!
Gym in every Tuesday,Friday and Sunday!!
Win in the next term!
Finished my first gum,quite tired....
Finished my presentation!!!
Sleep early,start my health life!!
Start my gym life!!!!
Wake up at 9am,hope I can finish my presentation today!
Where are you now? 
Where can I buy a I phone4??
": Go back to Plymouth now!
Go to Birmingham today!
