RT : 处女座独自一人的时候会迷茫拿著手机不知道做什么。处女座和不熟悉的人在一起很斯文不说话会给人很好的感觉，但一熟悉起来你会发现处女的单纯和没有长大的心、却又爱玩什麼都敢尝试 处女懒的连下楼买早餐都嫌烦。房间永远乱乱的却给人舒适感。 好好珍惜…
RT : 【12星座的新年新愿望】金牛座、双鱼座许愿：爱情美好；处女座、水瓶座许愿：生活顺心；双子座、天秤座许愿：赚到大钱；巨蟹座、摩羯座许愿：婚姻美满；白羊座、狮子座许愿：学习充电；天蝎座、射手座许愿：事业顺利。
RT : 【12星座的最大缺点、你敢承认吗？】白羊（太自我）、金牛（太顽固）、双子（太善变）、巨蟹（太懦弱）、狮子（太虚荣）、处女（太挑剔）、天秤（太不果断）、天蝎（太不包容）、射手（太粗心）、摩羯（太忧郁）、水瓶（太理性）、双鱼（太没立场）。
RT : 好朋友或许不需要经常联络，但如果不联络了还是好朋友吗？
RT : 我没必要对没必要的人做没必要的事受没必要的伤。
Missyou missyou &lt;3 &lt;3
RT : #Aboutme sometimes I hate them so much, sometimes I love them so much but still they're the best part of my life, I lov…
RT : #Aboutme I love that one person who can make me smile and laugh all the time, yeah YOU♥
RT : Our time together is just not enough, I miss you.
RT : When I look at you, I can't help but smile and fall in love little harder♥
RT : I miss how we share everything together.
RT : When I talk to you, my whole day gets a lot better.
RT : #AGoodBoyfriend makes everyday feel like valentine's day.
RT : #BoysShould, care about her condition and her feeling a little more.
RT : #BoysShould understand her feelings.
RT : I'm not the jealous type but What's Mine is Mine, end of story.
Miss :|
RT : Dear Someone, But I'll never forget, the way you made me feel.
RT : #2014Wishes Find someone I can be truly happy with.
RT : Don't be what people want you to be. Be yourself and find someone who truly loves you for what and who you are.
RT : Just because the past is painful doesn't mean the future will be.
RT : I want a relationship where everyone is like "damn, they're still together?"
RT : Relationships last long because two people made a choice. The decision to keep it, to fight for it, and to work hard fo…
RT : Life is all about trusting your feelings, taking chances, and finding happiness.
02.02.14
七年前的缘分 ♥
RT : I miss laughing with you.
RT : My feelings for you, it never changed.
RT : I love it when I catch you smiling.
RT : I miss our talks, I miss our laughs, I miss us spending time together, but in the end I can only miss you.
RT : #FebruaryWish a trip to travel the whole world.
RT : #FebruaryWish just wish you knew I was so in love with you.
RT : #FebruaryWish to change my phone.
RT : #FebruaryWish Amazing things and miracles that will surprise me.
RT : 我们彼此都很清楚这份爱其实一直都没有停过
RT : VIRGO, Keuangan: Sekalipun pengeluaran tampak meninggi tetapi masih tertutupi dengan income hari ini.
RT : VIRGO, Kesehatan: Pikiran usahakan jangan terlalu tegang karena akan mempengaruhi kondisi tubuh, berusahalah serileks mun…
RT : Virgo: Rendah hati, pemalu, dapat dipercaya, praktikal dan rajin, pandai, mudah khawatir,perfeksionis.
RT : VIRGO, Asmara: Dengarkan jika dia berbicara. Jangan sampai Anda menampakkan wajah yang acuh tak acuh, itu akan membikin s…
RT : #Virgo mempunyai banyak bakat terpendam dan yang tidak dimiliki zodiak lainnya
RT : Agustus: Jago ngegombal, perasaan sangat halus alias sensitif. Suka memimpin, penyayang.
RT : #Virgo adalah pribadi yang tidak suka kebohongan yg bisa merugikan orang lain
RT : #Virgo sangat setia dalam melakukan hubungan persahabatan maupun cinta
UAS is coming soon :|
Bon voyage yaaa :D 
 :D
RT : 你是否也曾这样，心里很想和某个人聊天，却希望他先来找你， 呆呆的看着他的头像一遍又一遍。
RT : 花一些时间，总会看清一些事。用一些事情，总会看清一些人。
RT : 為甚麼我的人生不可以簡單一點，複雜得我想逃
RT : 你不知道，我的心情一直被你左右。有时候，躲避是为了让自己不那么失望。
RT : 若无其事，原来是最好的报复。 何必向不值得的人证明什么，生活得更好，是为了自己。
RT : 很多时候，想要的只是一个肯定的眼神和一颗理解的心，仅此而已。
RT : 小时候摔跤，总要看看周围有没有人，有就哭，没有就爬起来。长大后，遇到不开心的事，也要看看周围有没有人，有就爬起来，没有就哭。
RT : 爱情不在于说多少次“我爱你”，而在于怎样去证明你说的是真的。
RT : 马年，我要我的家人都整整齐齐，健健康康，快快乐乐，幸幸福福的在一起。
RT : If you stay, stay forever. If you go, do it today.If you change, change for the better. And if you talk, make sure you …
RT : Girls always worry about the things that guys forget and guys always worry about the things girls remember.
RT : Dear Someone, I'm nothing, you're something but together, we are everything.
RT : I have at least one friend I secretly hate and I secretly love.
RT : Words can never describe these feelings I have inside.
RT : #FebruaryWish I wish I could forgive and forget.
RT : #FebruaryWish I wanna be a better human being and be closer to God.
RT : #FebruaryWish I want to keep seeing that smile of yours everyday, I love it so much.
RT : #FebruaryWish No more fake smiles, I just want to be happy for real.
RT : #FebruaryWish no more fake friends, I just wanna be surrounded by the real ones who actually care.
RT : #FebruaryWish stay happy with all of my amazing best friends.
RT : Dear Life, please let me have a peaceful and happy day today.
RT : Someone who truly loves you, sees what a mess you can be, how moody you can get, and how hard you can be to handle, but…
RT : There's a lot of people I can have, but there's only one I want.
RT : In the end people will still judge you anyway so whatever.
RT : 你无法叫醒一个装睡的人， 也无法感动一个不爱你的人。
RT : When a girl cries for a boy, it simply means she misses him, when a boy cries for a girl, he loves her more than you co…
RT : No matter what you do, I still love you mom.
RT : I hate people who always cancel their promise.
RT : My goals in life: Happiness, success, making parents happy.
RT : I hate people who people always ask to "see my phone" but they end up creeping on my text messages.
RT : Wake up in the morning feeling like going back to sleep.
RT : Music describe us so much more better than our own words do.
RT : I was born this way, accept me and just stop judging.
RT : A true relationship is having someone who accepts your past, supports your present, loves you and encourages your futur…
RT : Girl: "How much do you love me?" Boy: "Count the stars." Girl: "That's impossible." Boy: "So is explaining how much I l…
RT : I wish love's like baby shampoo cos it has no more tears formula.
RT : Having lots of fake friends will make you ralize how lucky you are having your best friends, best friends mean everythi…
RT : 你从来不知道，你的一封短信对我来说是多么重要
RT : 为什么要在失去后才懂得珍惜？
RT : 女生要的，不是甜言蜜語
是男生從後面後抱著她
說真心話，安慰她，愛她
RT : Tip to lose weight: First turn your head to the left, then to the right. Repeat this exercise every time you are offered s…
RT : #Virgo adalah pribadi yg sangat penuh belas kasih dan murah hati
RT : Dalam hal cinta, #Virgo tidak egois dan juga tidak suka membohongi pasangannya
RT : VIRGO, Asmara: Tidak perlu mengusik hatinya yang lagi kacau sebab sudah cukup banyak yang menjadi beban pikirannya.
RT : VIRGO, Keuangan: Stop pengeluaran walau bagaimanapun caranya agar pemborosan tidak membikin pusing di kemudian hari.
RT : VIRGO, Kesehatan: Walau hati panas sebaiknya jangan terlalu lama disimpan karena hanya akan menimbulkan penyakit.
RT : Cewek Virgo suka: cowok TAK MUDAH PUTUS ASA, ,SANGAT SETIA,ROMANTIS,HUMORIS,LUCU,IDEALIS
RT : Kebanyakan #Virgo mempunyai banyak bakat dibandingkan dengan zodiak lainnya.
RT : #Virgo mempunyai kharisma yg bisa dibanggakan dan pribadi yg ramah serta santun.
RT : VIRGO, Asmara: Jangan terlalu menilai berlebihan dulu, maka perlu menjaga sikap. Jangan sampai dia punya pikiran yg bukan…
RT : VIRGO, Keuangan: Tidak sampai mengalami kerugian yang besar itu sudah cukup bagus dan harus disyukuri.
RT : VIRGO, Kesehatan: Anggaplah angin lalu segala perkataan sinis dari orang yg tidak senang pada diri Anda. Tak perlu dimasu…
RT : VIRGO, Karir: Klien dan partner Anda tampak respek dengan cara kerja Anda sehingga Anda bisa segera mengambil langkah pos…
RT : #FaktaVirgo: Pandai bergaul, rajin belajar, Mudah panik/tegang bila menghadapi masalah
RT : #Virgo selalu ingin mencoba dan tidak pernah puas meskipun sudah mendapat banyak barang mewah.
RT : #FaktaVirgo: Dikenal suka berorganisasi dan biasanya menjadi anggota aktif dalam kelompok
RT : 能不能矇上眼睛 就可以不傷心 能不能脫下面具 還可以很狠心
RT : 有时候， 在乎得太多，对自己而言也是一种折磨。
RT : 除非亲身经历过失去亲人 否者你是不会懂失去亲人的痛 到底有多痛
RT : 人生四苦：看不透，舍不得，输不起，放不下。
RT : 喜欢的人在一起，无论做什么都会很开心。
RT : 不是不想说话，而是有很多话说不出来，放在心里会安全点。
RT : 其实我是个很好的人，直到你惹毛了我。
RT : Thanks to those who talked shit about be and hated me, you made me a stronger person.
RT : Boy: What's your biggest dream? Girl: To be kissed in the rain, you? Boy: To be the one kissing you in the rain.
RT : A smiling face doesn't always mean a smiling heart.
RT : Love is not about how much you say "I love you" but most importantly how much you can prove that it's true.
RT : Annoying Teacher: "Whoever doesn't like my class can leave" *Me Thinking* : You have no idea how much I would like to d…
RT : Dear Heart, thank you for being so strong,
RT : I'm going to smile and make you think that I'm okay.
RT : If you truly want to be with someone, listen to your heart and not all the voices from all the people around you.
RT : Everyday, I need to see your smile, simply because it makes me happy.
RT : Music, is an important part of my life.
RT : I hate being bored at home but I hate getting busy at school also.
RT : I like making people smile, especially you.
RT : I may be young but I'm not stupid, I may be not looking perfect but I'm not fake.
RT : #Virgo Soal berbagi kesedihan? mereka tak akan melakukannya, karena cukup dia saja yg merasakannya, orang lain harus teta…
RT : You never know what's hiding behind a smile.
RT : Some things take time.
RT : 脸上的快乐，别人看得到。心里的痛又有谁能感觉到
RT : 我不是在等王子，而是在等一个把我当成公主的人。
RT : I hate that feeling of going to school after long holiday.
RT : That awkward moment when you know the full lyrics of over 100 songs but can't remember any example of history you studi…
RT : 感情久了自然而然就觉得自己在对方心目中没那么重要
RT : 只希望你能了解我
RT : 问问你自己，你有认真地喜欢过我吗？
RT : 我们真的会有未来吗？
RT : 我只不过是想幸福的人，为什么找不到会生根的缘分
RT : 单身时多么希望快点谈恋爱
谈恋爱时多么希望自己单身，自由自在
RT : 刚开始，我们就已经是个错误
RT : 活在黑暗里的你，有没有想过重见光明？
RT : 不开心也是过一天，开心也是过一天，不如开开心心地过
RT : 新的一年了，你却还是老样子，还是一样从来不会把我放在眼里。
RT : 单身的朋友们，不要因为自己单身而感到伤心难过。有些谈恋爱的人多么希望能单身。
RT : Cewek Virgo suka: cowok yang penampilannya menarik bagi dia,jujur dan dapat membuat dia tertawa
RT : "Love" is when you know that worst side of someone and still love the person with everything you have in your heart.
RT : After someone hurts you, you're not the same anymore.
RT : When you feel like giving up, remember why you held on for so long in the first place.
RT : Better days are coming...they are called Friday and Saturday
RT : 请别把我的幸福带走
RT : 越是幸福越害怕，怕它会结束
RT : 一生很短，你的时间有限，所以不要为别人而活。
RT : 我希望在我喜欢的人心里，我永远是限量版，不是二手货。
Telah menjadii pink maniac -.-
RT : 有些事情不是看到希望才去坚持，而是坚持了才会看到希望。
RT : 去爱那些对你好的人，忘掉那些不知珍惜你的人。
RT : 生活越简单，人就越快乐，也就越幸福。
RT : 2014年，我要幸福，我要快乐！
RT : 前面的路还很远，你可能会哭，但是一定要走下去，一定不能停。
RT : 有时候，心中所承受之重是无法用言语来表达的。
RT : 别人怎么看我们并不重要，重要的是我们如何看待自己。
RT : 我等了很久就只是想和他拍一张称职一点的照片 但并不代表我还爱着他 :) 从我喜欢上你的那一天一直到现在,从没变过 ♥
RT : 少点爱，就不会那么容易在意。
RT : I may not be the funniest person, but if I can make someone smile then that's good enough for me.
RT : You know my name, not my story, not what I've been through, not my life, so shut up.
RT : My bed always seems to be more comfy in the morning than at night.
RT : Fake friends show up when they need your help, but true friends show up when you need their help.
RT : The main reason why a daughter needs a dad is to show her that not all the boys are like the ones who hurt her. Love yo…
RT : You're not a camera yet I somehow still smile when I see you.
RT : The biggest mistakes I've ever had was making my mom cry, I'm sorry mom, I'll make you happiest person on earth someday.
RT : I never really wanted a perfect life, just one that's happy.
RT : When I smile or laugh it doesn't mean I'm 100% happy, sometimes you just have to smile through the pain.
RT : I hate the feeling when I really want to sneeze but I can't.
RT : I want to talk to you so bad but I don't want to start the conversation.
RT : I hate when people are mad at me and they won't tell me why.
RT : Jealousy can really show how much someone really cares.
RT : Our eyes are placed in front because it is more important to look ahead than to look back, have fun, have no regrets, j…
RT : Dear problems in life, let's break up, let me happy.
RT : I hate when people who know NOTHING but JUDGE.
RT : I love that moment when I realize it's still Holiday and I still can wake up late.
RT : #2014Wishes I could be a brave, patient and strong person.
RT : #2014Wishes No more sad feelings, I wanna smile all the time.
RT : #2014Wishes I want miracles to happen in my life.
RT : #2014Wishes I want people around me to be happy.
RT : #2014Wishes I want you and me to stay happy together.
 happy new year too ♥
RT : I like a song.

I download it.

I listen to it a million times and then I hate it.
RT : I may not always be perfect, but I'm always me.
RT : I'm not rude. I'm honest. Not my problem you can't handle the truth.
RT : Seringkali wanita selalu menutup rapat-rapat perasaannya hanya karena ingin dimengerti oleh orang yang disayanginya.
RT : Hal yang aku takutkan adalah jatuh cinta pada seseorang, dan ketakutan itu saat ini telah terjadi.
RT : Tidak saling menyapa bukan berarti tidak saling berbicara, seringkali hanya bertatap saja sudah cukup mewakilinya.
RT : Yang menyakitkan bukan perpisahan karena keadaan, mungkin karena tidak adanya usaha untuk saling mempertahankan.
RT : Memang sakit mengetahui seseorang yang kamu sayang akan pergi, dan kamu gak bisa berbuat apa-apa.
RT : Akan ada saatnya yang membuatmu menangis, akan menangis juga saat ada oranglain yang membantu menghapus air matamu.
On diet -.-
RT : Insomnia -3-
RT : 学会微笑不代表我很开心,只是代表我会伪装面对现实
在我结婚的那天，我希望能在教堂外，牵着彼此的手，一起敲响这个钟，把幸福传达出去（幸福钟声=终生幸福）
RT : 现在我终于明白 喜欢一个人真的是看他幸福就好了 他开心我开心
RT : 曾經， 我認定的世界只有黑與白，對與錯，遇見愛情之侯，才知道人生需要的不是這些而是體諒與包容。 （梁小舒）
RT : 人的本性都是等到失去后才懂得珍惜。
RT : 假装不痛的时候其实是最痛的
RT : 爱情里每个人都痛恨小三， 但小三的出现却证明了一场经不起考验的爱情。
