 我是觉得看着像洋葱。。。
RT : Just a typical day in the life of an #airline photographer. 
RT : Paper, by MiSoft 
 This is inaccurate about China. China uses the US-style for 2-pins and Australia-style for 3-pins.
RT : BREAKING NEWS: #Swans part company with Laudrup ........ 
 nb, good luck!
RT : Newcastle United have confirmed that Joe Kinnear has resigned from his position as Director of Football with immediate effect…
RT : Philip Seymour Hoffman Found Dead 
RT : Kevin Keegan: “The club can never go anyway with Mike Ashley in charge, I can promise you that!” 

#nufc
RT : Alan Pardew’s Tyne/Wear derby record:

Played 7
Won 1
Drawn 3
Lost 3

#nufc
 Pardew's only tactics for mackem is Shola. He have absolutely no idea what to do if Shola can't score.
RT : Former Spain boss Luis Aragones dies 
RT : 说到高级黑 
RT : Unfortunate caption fail on BBC News:  via @newstoad
RT : Great snap of Pardew with Newcastles new signing ...... 
  I never see they disclose any transfer fee in recent years.
RT : Happy birthday to former Mag  today - 34 years old #nufc
RT : How thick is the ice covering Antarctica?

Source: 
- 
RT : Biz Class - American: EWR /DC /SFO / ATL / MSP / DTW / SLC /CVG / IAH / MEM - Hong Kong. $2,778 - $3,528 r/t. Info: http…
  laf re!
RT : In 1992, 29000 rubber ducks fell off a cargo ship in the pacific ocean. This is where they landed. 
RT : Wow
          So great
    Much wall
             Very China 
RT : Newcastle reject a £14m bid from Paris St-Germain for France midfielder Yohan Cabaye  #nufc http://t.co…
RT : #LAX Police Arrest LAN Airlines Pilot For Possible Cocaine Possession 
  我用 LTE 版 N7 导航过一次
RT : 超市卖散装开心果处俩美女一边品尝一边评论“就是空壳的太多了”，说完便把剥了一手的壳撒回去，飘然而去了。
RT : Eric Cantona... 
RT : Ahead of #ChineseNewYear next week, #NUFC have recorded a special message courtesy of . Well, almost... http://…
 为啥是百年好合的红包。。。
RT : Luxury Hotels in #China Are Actively Trying to Lose Their 5-Star Ratings 
RT : What Africa might look like if it had never been colonised

Map by Nickolaj Cyon
- 
RT : Q: HOW to remember English names? A: That’s why we have phrases like “Hey you”.
RT : Best reply to a Pull Request ever? 
 比如说你明天要来湾区 1481 了那么湾区人民必须喜闻乐见啊！
RT : 贴吧里面长期盛行的“自曝求P帅一点”的硕果已经得到了国际承认，在9gag上被转成超火的一个系列 Chinese photoshop trolls work their magic.

RT : 出租车是统一定价，公平使用机会的公共服务，现在马云之类的货色又来加上利益砝码，利用人的贪念注定不放弃既得利益，砸钱培育出一个谁加钱谁就有乘坐机会的市场，5亿算什么，以小博大，做烂整个市场，重新定规则时牢牢卡住游戏参与者的咽喉。还记得全免费时代的淘宝吗？
 which airline is that? also which airport? PVG?
RT : This is the best selfie I've ever seen. 
RT : The level of education required by primary (elementary) school teachers 

Source: 
- http://t.co/9F…
RT : California woman who drove with Google Glass beats traffic ticket 
RT : The latest project from Google[x]: a smart contact lens that we hope could someday help people with diabetes http://t.co/sh6xEi…
RT : Aalborg airport has a cute drop off area. 
RT : Good news! Going forward all sizes of your new uploads will inherit the EXIF copyright info from your original file: http://t.c…
RT : Mike Jones, who refereed Newcastle vs Man City, will not take charge of a game this weekend.  http://t.c…
RT : Planning a trip to London?
 加油，我看好你哦
RT : #Airfare Deal: [UA] Chicago - Beijing, China. $706 r/t. Details:  #travel
RT : . Flight Lands At The Wrong Airport In #Branson 
 I have a 18 JONAS jersey! best wishes to you.
RT : 香格里拉独克宗古城被烧没了，文青们也不要太悲伤，用不了一年时间，当地就又会冒出一个多种风格的古城，用不了五年时间，文青们就会忘了这里曾经发生过火灾，用不了十年时间，文青们就会继续把这里当作千年古城膜拜!真的，丽江古城就是这么过来的，当初丽江地震后全…
RT : Come on guys. Give it up 
 应该基本都行，就是要收不少手续费。。。
RT : Just saw the future of watching sports on TV - whole pitch/field, the whole time. Felt like I was there. #CES2014 http://t.co/…
RT : &gt; [5, 10, 1].sort();

[1, 10, 5]

#javascript
RT : Twice today I heard people refer to physical books as "book-books." A retronym *and* a reduplication. I like it. (But do…
 搜了下是 Ontario 本地的啊，那估计我们这儿买不着了。。。
 lol
 那个酸奶叫啥？
RT : alias such=git
alias very=git
alias wow='git status' 

$ wow
$ such commit
$ very push
 我有个疑问是摄影师看到请柬可以理解，那个女的怎么会看到请柬的
RT : 男子留学海外三年携外籍妻儿回家过年。 
RT : The pacific ocean is HUGE
- 
RT : NEW hi-res pic of an icy, cold #Chicago [courtesy my pilot friend Hank Cain]. Beautiful. 
RT : 转：TVB创始人邵逸夫先生留给世界的30句话 
 4.X (忘了具体是哪个版本了) 开始可以在系统里设置 vpn always on
RT : Twitter never fails to entertain. 
 vpn ftw!
 我觉得北美人特别傻逼从来搞不清楚 + 和 1 到底应该怎么放。。。
RT : MY MACROS

F1 Smite
F2 Damn
F3 Forbid
F4 Bless America
F5 Save queen
F6 Only know
F7 Help those who help themselves
F8 G…
 美国的来电显示很傻比，有时候会把那个 1 吞掉，所以你这个很可能就是 +1(416)XXXXXXX
RT : Newcastle United are saddened to hear of the death of legendary Portuguese striker Eusébio. Our condolences to our friend…
RT : Watched Elysium. Froze frame when character said he was rewriting reboot. Amazing. It was real boot loader code. Still x86 in 2…
RT : Subtle but powerful: protesting with a mirror.  
RT : 我帅的如此低调奢华有内涵 
RT : 这帮穿花衣裳不顾年轻人感受的老年人就是几十年前不顾老年人感受在广场跳舞的年轻人吧 
RT : Countries which don't use the metric system

Source: 
- 
 I think you have some mistake on CX earning table, see 
RT : Hey  – sorry I’m not sorry. 
 free roaming! free 200MB data for tablets comes second.
RT : Dad captures over 20,000 adorable photos of his twin daughters   
RT : Anti drink driving poster by Fiat in Brazil. The caption reads "Now you see it. Now you don't." 
RT : Goals for 2014: Finish driving to Mars' Mount Sharp &amp; do all the science I can. #resolutions 
 laf
 I don't think it's good foe people who need the bench...
 买房了嘛，壕！
 what for? 5 yellow cards?
RT : David Silva is suspended for the Swansea game. David Silva! Suspended!
RT : British government porn filters block EFF, Linux, Amnesty and more 
 switch to Google voice, problem solved.
RT : 这道菜的制作工序是这样的：首先，把猫从炒勺里赶出去。然后清洗炒勺。将炒勺置于煤气灶上。从冰箱中取出油麦菜一把，豆豉若干，葱姜蒜少许。把猫从炒勺里赶出去。清洗炒勺。将炒勺置于煤气灶上。清洗油麦菜，葱姜蒜切碎。从冰箱里取出鲜鱼一尾。把猫从炒勺里赶出去。清…
RT : First person jailed for taking babymilk powder out of HK: 
 con!
RT : Iron Maiden used BitTorrent data to determine where its music was pirated the most, then played sold out shows there: htt…
RT : Google sues to protect Android device makers from Apple-backed patent hell 
RT : The Turing Test: have you proved yourself sufficiently useful to society for the state pardon you 50 years after they killed …
 貌似湾区这儿是 Costco 的天下基本没有 Sam's
RT : 一起骑车的一德国人问「听说在中国不能随便搬迁？」我解释「可以搬，但注册户籍很难，所以政府是变相阻止搬迁」「那还能算自由国家吗？」「当然不是自由国家」「那你怎么可以搬去美国？政府不阻止吗」「呃…中国虽然不是自由国家，但也不至于像朝鲜那么糟」「Oh …
  我在 Google 里还是见过的，不过也可能不够正。
RT : 「Top IOS Sdk 使用文档(v0.1).docx」
作为淘宝开放平台 iOS SDK 压缩包里面唯一的文档文件名槽点太多无从吐起。
RT : Guacamelee is $3.75 today if you have PS+.  Amazing game if you haven't played it yet.
RT : The USA (as labeled by an Australian) 

High res -  
RT : Mother of 3 teenage boys posts Amazon review of Kleenex. A.k.a. the best thing you will read today. 
RT : Google Bus blocked, window smashed in West Oakland  
 一说美国这些航空公司的 lounge 全世界人民都笑了。。。
RT : Land on earth where there is also land on the other side. 
RT : 「如今的编程是一场程序员和上帝的竞赛，程序员要开发出更大更好、傻瓜都会用的软件。而上帝在努力创造出更大更傻的傻瓜。目前为止，上帝是勝利的。」

(Rick Cook)
RT : We're happy to announce the Amazon Video Games Best of 2013 list. . Congratulations to The Last of U…
RT :  环球时报英文版回应弗里德曼的公开信：封锁展现了天朝的智慧和决心
RT : The U.S. government is using wartime and terrorism legislation to go after Lance Armstrong. 
 拿到哪个 offer 了？
 I guess you've also used the feature to authorize computer before adb.
RT : 【弗里德曼：致习近平主席的一封信】一些中国专家对我说，您感到我们越过红线，所以才采取了这种前所未有的强制取缔措施。习主席，如果说果真有人越过红线，那正是您的一些同事及其子女胃口巨大的贪婪之心。
RT : Snow has fallen on the pyramids for the first time in 112 years... 
 AP 接入模式是有线转无线的意思么？这种模式下还能用  访问，这是 double nat 了么？
RT : 买了个refurbished的linksys路由，半天找不到Cisco开头的默认SSID，后来发现已经被刷了dd-wrt了。。
   我续国内驾照的时候还被查视力了呢。。。当时还没配眼镜还好我左眼不近视才把我放过了。
RT : Wow, 3D printers are really coming along. 
RT : Two snowmen standing in a field. One says to the other: "Can you smell carrots?" #LarrysXmasCrackers
RT : "Am I just an asshole?" #NoIveGotArmsAndLegs #SouthPark #Butters #TheHobbit
 this is like backpack?
RT : 一哥们前几天接到法院传票的诈骗电话，巧的是这哥们就在高院上班，还当个负责法院信息系统的小头头，他听了半天诈骗电话，觉得骗子的语音流程设计的很流畅，提示语言也很人性化，越听越受益匪浅，遂全部录了下来，第二天把外包商叫来放给他听，让他按这个思路去重新修…
RT : Starting Jan 15th, all miles earned with our intl airline partners will count toward Mileage Plan elite status: http://t.co/…
RT : 今天上网新学会一道意大利菜：斐波那契例汤。具体做法是把昨天的和前天剩下的汤加热后混合，得到就是今天新鲜的“斐波那契例汤”
RT : 買了個華碩 USB-AC53，盒子上寫着支持 Mac，結果找不到驅動，搜着搜着發現在亞馬遜上有官方回覆，說：「一開始打算有的，所以盒子上印了。但後來改主意了，現在沒有，今後也不會有 Mac 驅動。」

還有這麼奇葩的廠商啊……前兩天還誇了華碩，今天遇到…
RT : Feedly is Now Hijacking Shared Links And Cutting Out Original Publishers 
 所以我们都用 Comcast business class
RT : stunning image showing 19th century naval voyages, making visible trade winds and the outlines of continents http://t.co/LsopNQ…
 赞
 准确的说 Guido 用了 Rietveld 这个名字，然后 Gerrit 作为 Rietveld 的克隆就选了这个名字。
 是啊
 Video reviews on youtube claims for pix there is no winner, but for vids N5 is better. Also 4.4.1 for N5 should improve pic
RT : A historian's worst nightmare : 
奇怪  的最近两条关于曼德拉的推都是中文的，其中一个还没有用英文发过，是因为美国人下班了么。。。
RT : Photo tribute to Nelson Mandela, anti-apartheid leader and Nobel laureate  #RIPNelsonMandela
RT : Flickr大攝影家特別製作：曼德拉的最後影像。由南非攝影家 Adrian Steirn 在 #TheWeeklyFlickr 影片中暢談拍攝曼德拉的點點滴滴，也讓我們更加懷念這位偉人巨大但慈悲的身影。 


 他演过曼德拉了。
RT : Anti-Patent Troll Bill Passes The House 
RT : Action Launcher 2.0 is out now! And there's now a free version! And Pro is 50% off!  https://t.co/vEg…
 太冷了！
RT : HAHAHAHAHA. Oh my. It's 40 quid a year. You have to pay that to use a web browser. 40 quid a year. Oh my. HAHAHAHAHA. ht…
RT : How to talk to girls. #Gamer #Problems 
RT : 生姜是烹饪界的伪装大师，它能伪装成猪肉、牛肉、鸡鸭鱼肉、肉块、肉片、肉丝、肉丁、肉末、带毛的肉皮、不带毛的肉皮等等等等，让吃到它的人痛不欲生。
RT : Amazon Prime Air 
 
   +1
  Thanks! purchased!
RT : My friend has a dog named Bonus in hope that "Bonus, come here" will bring fortune. Turns out it's "No, Bonus, go away" he…
RT : Favourite Opta heatmap from this weekend: Roberto Soldado. Had to kick-off six times, the poor guy. 
RT : Oh, facebook advertising, I'm looking for a woman who can spell. 
 oh, good luck!
 welcome! relocation 了？
RT : 45 - Ryan Giggs has now played at least once against 45 teams in the . Veteran.
It's pointless to argue with Apple fanboys *and* IDE fanboys.
  that's what it did for iOS dev, on Dec. 2009.
  VS won't add an \ silently, hide it in editor, and cause compiling error. Xcode will.
  Eclipse sux, that's true. But Xcode? Sorry that's the worst IDE I've ever used.
RT : How to find Kentucky on a map. #funny 
 $3 的时候你不说。。。
RT : This website really made me smile. Come on, draw a stickman and see what happens: 
RT : "US Airways to Leave Star Alliance March 1, Join Oneworld One Month Later"  
RT : Software patent reform just died in the House, thanks to IBM and Microsoft 
RT : 【探访人造“霜降牛肉”流水线】“牛脂加工肉”究竟是怎么做出来的呢？记者探访了加工现场。这是一家生产牛脂加工肉的工厂。在记者同意匿名发表后，东日本地区的一家食用肉加工企业接受了采访……详见 http…
RT : 's search form autocomplete tells us how people are using the site (via Josh Pennell/) http:…
 Do you have any kinect game in mind? Kinect is something "sounds" great, but I don't think there're any real killer games.
 Depending on do you want to watch TV or play games.
 嗯美国人没救了。
 太甜是吧
RT : Don't. Look. Up. 
 In the meantime, you can only use IE in Xbox One...
RT : PS4 Store, Music and Video app running WebGL (), while the browser is Sony’s WebKit port: https://t.co/eO…
RT : This new Captcha is hardcore: "Verify You Are a Human: Harm a fellow human or, through inaction, allow a fellow human to co…
RT : Google wins book-scanning case: judge finds “fair use,” cites many benefits 
RT : 其实企鹅的脖子很长，只是它是个胖纸 
 对他们来说都是小钱啊
 国际数据漫游很奇怪嘛
RT : Knock knock
Race condition
Who's there?
RT : 我好傻逼，，，添加镌刻那里我看到是两行，就把我的用户名，密码写上去了。。。。。
 那还好 :) 不过还是 cft
 transfer?
RT @Justinian_II: Oh Steam you stars #SimplifiedEnglish 
 hi, you've wrote an mac app to use ssh tunnels, but I can't find it anywhere now. do you still have a link?
RT : Hahaha. Loud building-wide announcement: "There is no need to run away as this is an earthquake-proofed building. You are safe…
 I'll give that a try, thanks!
RT @StayChiIl: Window washers at a children's hospital - This deserves endless retweets 
 at least for the android version. I don't know about the ios version.
 Google translate have handwriting support for both Chinese and Japanese.
 I have a LTE Nexus7 bought from Google Play with T-Mobile SIM card. How do I got the free 200M every month? Local reps are clueless
 Google translate?
RT : humble bundle的蝙蝠侠合集买的排名第一的哥们叫bruce wayne。。。2100刀。。。真蛋疼。。。
RT : Spotted on an ATM in Germany... 
RT : Before you marry a person you should first make them use a computer with slow Internet to see who they really are.
 But Brazil knows your girlfriend Inara! I mean Morena Baccarin.
RT : “I wish the schools taught how
computers work nowadays instead of what the JVM does.” — 
RT : The Empire Strikes Back 
RT : #非主流技能get√# 如何快速的把藏匿的喵星人翻出来，Imgur上一个网友在家死活找不到他家喵星人，他就拿手机拍了张照，并且把闪光灯打开。。然后就找到了。。 
RT : 战地4满满的都是槽点啊……中国兵的中文太地道了……虽然说起来还很生硬但用词太那啥了……扔颗手雷过去，其他游戏里的中国兵都说“手雷！”，战地四的中国兵说“他妈的有手雷！”
  我就用。。。
 I do miss that. It was beautiful.
