RT : 懒是人类的本性
#99
#throwback #penangtrip Miss it so much ❤️😞 
RT : It only hurts when you start pretending it doesn’t.
我为他保留着那一份天真 关上爱别人的门....
 我做完笔记就睡觉了 哈哈哈哈哈 明天找你 :pp
 很sienz咯喂
Boring boring boring 😫😩😂 
Before i give up... Think abt y i held so long and still i still wanna give up cuz its frustrating lol
RT : 你给我怎样的人生 我会还你的
Homework in progress music on life goes down the world is shut. 
 okay calm down dy haha
你真的很成功 很希望你不要出现在我的面前了
我这辈子从来没有恨过一个人那么久
fuck u
我陪你演到底
好 我就看你还可以装多少年
很厉害扮 很厉害装
我恨你 恨你恨到我自己对你完全没有感觉了 麻木了
我永远都不会忘记你所留下给我的伤痛
看不出咯喂 好伟大哦
WOW 原来你也会默默守护人的啊
RT : rt if ur life is a joke
RT : Fuck what people think, just do you.
RT : Be the best you can be.
Wad happened ytd lol.... So tired arrrr
Morning.....
闷到变短发 💇😒 
So damn tired now..... 
Girls night ! Shout ! Cry ! High ! 😂😘  
 好啦好啦 不想了哦 ❤️
Going out wt a horse and my Mocking Jay~~ 😘😘😘👍 
Arrrhaiz
Juz give me go a little tweet
Tweet tweet u're so sweet
Bad bad bad day :(
告白的人就是蠢
今天看到你 你们 啊啊啊啊啊 想念死了
RT : 朋友常說'眼前一片森林，何必獨愛一棵樹'。我何嘗不想放棄？雖然嘴裡一直說放棄，心裡卻一直放不下。
RT : Dear Heart.. 😥 
RT : I'm single but I know exactly who I want.
I'm actually having the necklace ! Gawddddddd wahahahaha
I cant believe my eyes
I'm gonna show off hahaha
OMG !!! This is freaking surprise !! Thx bro ! LOVE YOUUUUU SO MUCHIEEE 😘😘😘😘 #THG #MockingJay #thanksbro 
U're like a spotlight 2dy lol ==
 wow happy birthday aunty ! ^^
People say appreaciate the person u love but i'd never get a chance and why is that :(
RT : 在你還可以幼稚的年齡請盡情幼稚，不要等到長大了才幼稚到時候的你不被稱為幼稚，而是低能
RT : 男生永远不会知道他们说过的话会在女生的脑子里记多久
明天还要不要带去呢？
班上的人都喜欢吃豆沙饼哦 哈哈
对不起 如果我今天让你不舒服了....
因为听着听着 我会把我跟你的回忆都翻出来 😊
每次听完都觉得好温暖 ❤️
最亲爱的你 这首歌是治疗失眠的啊？
瓦老啊 怎么又失眠了
你给别人什么 别人就给你什么 但是别人不给什么 我还是给别人什么 有人说这是傻 有人说这是不计较 有人说这是吃亏 我想知道的是 这是优点还是缺点啊 😒
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 
RT : me on valentines day 
 WOW jinchiak ?
 heyyyy 你们开始那个天使与主人的游戏啦？
RT : 哆啦A梦在我们都还年幼的时候，就对我们说过的话。#Pic 7 
RT : 可不可以有一个人，可以看穿我的逞强，可以保护我的脆弱。
 可以
RT : 不出现，不打扰，是我最后爱你的方式。
我不在乎了=不会受伤了
把你降级的感觉真好
 明天看到我就不会累啦 :D
如果我不会想太多
如果我不是感性的人
如果我依赖了 什么都跟你说了
如果那天你没有说那句话
如果我有个像钱进那么好的男生朋友
 haha don sad don sad tmr i will go :)
 and* XD okayyy :)) i know u miss me muahahaha
 i sick lorh... U gt thing wan say it out i'm here larh :) don emo hehe ^^
#throwback #penang #streetart #wtmabros #loves 
RT : 你是否有勇气喜欢一个人三年 你是否愿意等一个人三五年?
这次生病有好深的感触
 yea.... Headache and sore throar is killing me :(
 hey babe... I dont think i can make it to skul tmr :(
RT : 我還是有點接受不到待會就開學了
 u're awake ! 😱😎😚
Feel like talking hehe
Anybody still awake....
 u okay ma ?? :(
头很痛 很痛 很痛 很痛
I miss the days wt ma bro ❤️ 
我去 Bakar, Adi &amp; Mutu 的家拜年～ 😅😚 
Damn it
Sore throat
Haiz feeling sick
 bojio
RT : Sometimes you have to act like you don't care, even when you do.
Just posted a video 
Y skul reopen so early F ==
Miss the time wt ma family these days....
Damn tireddddd
WTH juz reach home
RT : 讨厌你有了新朋友，就忘了我们！
 walao same here ! Haha
RT : 爸爸很好意思把我們留在他朋友家 然後自己跟朋友去喝茶 -.-
RT : Couldn't agree more 😖😓 
RT : ": Once upon a time... "
RT : this is so true wow 👏👌💯 
 不要脸哦 😝
RT : I miss these things 
三个伤口 和一次哭泣 是我第一次这么过初一 😂
有你在真好 😘
谢谢你的一句话 心情好多了.... 😊
那么快初二了... 感觉好像已经肥了很多 == 晚安啦各位宝贝儿们 ^^ 初二快乐 哈哈 😁 
 对呀对呀
❤️ 
开心就好 嘻嘻
今年大年初一我好像穿到有点随便........
Woohoooo Chinese New Year~~~
Looking forward for all the non-stop talking wahaha
 bojio ohh win or lose ? Haha
Excited to meet all my relativesss
Wear nice nice tmr ! Haha~
 huisehhh gt new pyjamas cannot sleep ohh ?? Haha
你要不要继续问 我以后要生几个 ==
没有没有没有！
被质问有没有男朋友
RT : What I choose is you. You're who I want to wake up with and go to bed with.
RT : a boyfriend like this &gt;&gt;&gt; 
RT : Kids nowadays are just too lucky
 wow so kuat arrr
 wahahaha i gt smurf pyjamas XD
RT : New pyjamas
RT : This year, i want to 
团圆饭～ 😘 奶奶最有我心了 总是知道我爱吃什么 ❤️ 新年就快到咯！祝大家新年快乐 马年行大运！^^ 😁🎊🎉🎆 
Going out ltr~
RT : It hurts when you have someone in your heart but you can't have them in your arms.
RT : 友情最重要的就是互相信任
RT : A boy's sleepy voice is seriously the sexiest thing ever. 😍
RT : #15BestMoviesEver Hunger Games and Catching Fire
 除夕快乐啦～ sexy yonggg :*
 hahaha ooh~~
 who ?
RT : 不怎麽期待這新年
Its CNY eve :) enjoy this day....
怎么就是骂不醒呢
还在纠结要怎么办
堕落到不行了
原来我哭了.....
昨晚发生什么事了
眼睛好肿哦
怎么那么早就起床了
RT : Feelin' so helpless.
#canigiveup ? #NO :( 
Haiz emotional
I'm waiting for u
I know this is awkward but i really wan u to know.
walaoeh 三更半夜... 好吧 我知道你一定会看到 就是写给你看的 我克制自己很久了... 我不敢打扰你的生活 不找你聊天 不想给你压力 那天的告白只是想让你知道有这么一个我 在喜欢你 在等你… 
今天跟朋友聊了很多 想了很多
你还说你要睡了 结果你还on9 fb
WalaoAaa
等待某坨大便中。。。💩 
RT : 世界那么大 不管是爱情还是友情 都得攒多少缘分才能在一起 所以不要轻易放弃对方
RT : 我愿意付出一切换来一个对我一心一意的另一半。
RT : 如果你觉得我变得经常骂你，时不时对你爆粗口，那么恭喜你，我们混熟了。 
RT : 朋友之间如果有不愉快 不管是好的还是坏的 都要说出来 如果自己憋着 等到最后一次过爆发 那我们的友情就完蛋了 珍惜 闺密
 woohooo ! High 5!
希望一切顺顺利利吧.......
讲回来 我真的有那么期待吗 😪
期待明天的团圆饭....
Feel sleepier
Yea i'm waking up
RT : When boys 😍 
RT : 失败的副班长.
啊 怎么办 很想念初中生活啊 😐 
RT : RT if you want this 
哎 老师啊 如果同情你可以让我的生活好过一点 好吧 我同情你 -.- btw 谢谢老师的红包 😊 
我要玩天使与主人 我要团拜 我要一起出去玩
 阿哈哈哈哈 冥冥中自有注定啊
RT : SHOUTOUT TO EVERY GUY WHO HAS PASSED THIS TEST 👏👏 
 hahahahaha
  哇啊啊啊 你写对我的名字！哈哈哈哈哈 :D
 哈哈～ 可以wechat吗？我很sienzzz 嘻嘻
 哇哈哈哈哈 你怎么知道我喜欢人家讲我帅？XD
 哎班长 我这班长真没用啊
 嗯... 同意
Happy day wt ma buddies 😚 虽然是不同班 虽然是少联络少讲话 但是好朋友就是就算你再久见不到他 一旦聚在一起了 感情不会因为少见面而淡去 今天我们还一起玩久违了的.... :B… 
RT : SAD BUT TRUE 😰😓 
童心未泯 嘻嘻 
RT : I hate that "what if" feeling.
RT : Katniss Everdeen is the first leading female character to land the top Box Office spot in four decades! #CatchingFire h…
可不可以不要一次过有那么多东西烦
选择性忽略
我怎么还活在过去
我讨厌一栋楼的距离 我讨厌一楼的距离 我讨厌隔一个墙的距离
要找人苦诉 真的不容易
太靠近了吗？
感觉不对了
RT : 希望大家都真的可以 一聲朋友 一生朋友。
高一文商智之野餐记 #monday #happy #yuhoooo 
RT : 人是会变的，能守住一个不变的承诺，却是守不住善变的心。有时候，执着是一种负担，放弃是一种解脱。人没有完美，幸福没有一百分，知道自己没有能力一次拥有那么多，又何苦要求那么多。
今天异常收到礼物哦 那个file.... 傻婆：你知道我做莫送你礼物吗？我：不懂。傻婆：因为突然想送。❤️ 满满的爱 哈哈哈哈哈 谢谢你们 😁😘 
