RT : Hu Jia says his interrogation is over. Asked about urging people to protest in masks MT : 网监警察的讯问中，特别多次提及了今天我发推“煽动”…
RT : 
RT : China's toxic air pollution resembles nuclear winter, say scientists (Photo: Reuters)  http://t.co/F4…
RT : A thick blanket of smog covering northern China has led  (the World Health Organisation) to declare a crisis. http://t.co/…
 thank you snowden
RT : is the end of China's one child policy going to reverse its demographic decline?  via 
RT : Chinese dissident Hu Jia summoned by BJ police an hr ago in relation to crime of causing disturbance via  http://t.…
RT : Play True Detective opening song on repeat in cubicle. When ppl ask what you're doing say "What are any of us doing? Time is a…
RT : 美国海关：先生，我们遗憾的通知您，我们不得不拒绝您入境。您从北京来，行李里连个口罩都没有，我们有理由怀疑您没打算回去。
RT : If Chairman Mao is still alive... (Widely seen on Weibo) 
RT : “: Xi Jinping 'spotted' in Beijing 30min ago. ” and no mask on
#breaking RT : Big scoop from China Daily today: "Accepting bribes most common form of corruption."
&lt;3 this: Performance art as protest at Peking Uni RT : 今日鳳凰全媒體全時空关注焦点：给北大雕像戴口罩，行为艺术，也是一种表达诉求的方式。 
RT : another issue of the Sinocism China Newsletter on its way to subscriber inboxes.not a subscriber?sign up via twitter https://t.c…
 
RT : Pope Francis appoints brilliant Cardinal Pell from Sydney to be  no.3 power in Vatican.  Australia will miss him but wor…
RT : A new sign that even Apple is terrified by that iPhone security flaw. Here's how to protect yourself: 
Of all colours? RT : Guangzhou, Foshan, and Zhaoqing to crack down on foreigners -     via 
 对于产品，Linkedin中国目前上线的版本可以说中规中矩。本地社交分享用新浪微博和腾讯微博取代Twitter，去掉了群组讨论功能（这个涉及太多的运营负担，而且还得时刻惦记着用户讨论的内容是否会敏感）
RT : Bill Shorten doing a doorstop out front of parli right now. "The problem with this government is they're an opposition …
RT : New Snowden leak. How Australia's "5 Eyes" intelligence ally, Britain's GCHQ, does PsyOps on the web: https://t.co/CnDKJKCY0…
"Scott Morrison knew he was wrong on brawl death". Which makes him a ____?

  #totesembarrassing
 Chinese version of LinkedIn has dropped group discussions 
RT : “:  They say "not yet available"Killed seems a bit strong.” re linkedin china not having group discussions. bet…
RT : don't blame linkedin for doing that to ensure conformity w local Chinese laws, just amazed that none of the tech blogs picked up…
RT : except technode: 对于产品，Linkedin中国目前上线的版本可以说中规中矩。本地社交分享用新浪微博和腾讯微博取代Twitter，去掉了群组讨论功能（这个涉及太多的运营负担，而且还得时刻惦记着用户讨论的内容是否会敏感）http://t.co…
RT : remarkable,watching tech blog linkedin china launch pr regurgitations roll thru my feeds,  &amp; none mention killing group discussi…
对于产品，Linkedin中国目前上线的版本可以说中规中矩。本地社交分享用新浪微博和腾讯微博取代Twitter，去掉了群组讨论功能（这个涉及太多的运营负担，而且还得时刻惦记着用户讨论的内容是否会敏感）。 
RT : LinkedIn's CEO says adhering to China's requests to filter content are going to be "necessary" to achieve scale. http://t.co/dmfe…
 Chinese version of LinkedIn has dropped group discussions 
   Chinese version of LinkedIn has dropped group discussions 
Chinese version of LinkedIn has dropped group discussions so as to avoid censorship problems -  
RT : Leaked Recording of Turkish PM #Erdogan Instructing Son to Hide Huge Sums of Money |  #Turkey http://t.…
RT : RT : #TrueDetective  ping 
RT : At night, there's a stark contrast between the two Koreas.  
RT : What do you call a selfie taken by someone dedicated to overcoming selfhood?  
RT : China's Guangdong province health department reports four new cases of #H7N9 #influenza  (in Chi…
RT : Assistant Minister for Immigration Michaelia Cash has announced a review into the Subclass 457 visa programme http://t…
 don't be disgusting
RT : Philosophy explained via doughnuts: 
 saa good
RT : Hundreds of Anne Frank books defaced in Tokyo libraries 
Can't tell if satire or batshit crazy 
RT : ║\    
║▒\    
║▒▒\    
║░▒║   
║░▒║  #qanda 
║░▒║    
║░▒║    
║░▒║    
║░▒║     
║░▒║    
║░▒║    
▓▓▓▓   
 [█▓]   
 [█…
RT : Egyptian media reporting that the PM and Cabinet has resigned.
RT : I want to die.
RT : Julie Bishop 'I think Scott Morrison's doing a fantastic job.'
  the liberals?
RT : Banks and big business warn Direct Action will lift costs and deter projects  via 
 welcome!
 visit or permanent?
RT : HEPA pollution filters, after one day's use (l), after just one hour's use (r). Beijing, China. 
RT : China's former vice minister of public security Li Dongsheng formally removed from office 
  hehe
 totally looks like it could be a chinese word.
#nofilter RT : Shanghai today. 
  clearly.
 was this from Yudan? Did you see what Wang Xiaoshan said to her? 
 what's his deal? Does he not like her or what?
Just a wee bit aggressive. 
BJ normal uni's Yudan posts weibo about smog. Actor Wang Xiaoshan calls her a stupid smelly c**t.  WTF?
Cambodian minister says Australia has requested Cambodia 'receive refugees' 
RT : MPs for pubic hair. It's an important cause. 
LOL at last RT. It would be fun to know what passports the lianghui delegates have.
RT : 盼望着，盼望着，体现“全世界人民大团结”的两会又要来到了。与会的有美国人、有英国人、有加拿大人、有法国人、有瑞士人、有澳大利亚人、有新西兰人……当然，还有中国人。  http://t.co/fhrGRap…
  #ithinkyoumeankelis
RT : No! Dennis Rodman North Korea Mission to Become Fox Movie (Exclusive), comedy of course. 
RT : VIDEO: China smog inspires bursts of creativity  
RT : Certified Ethical Hacker site hacked. Thousands of .mil passports taken, including Snowden's.  http://…
Hu Xijin: "Today, everyone in China feels unhappy, and feels they're not getting what they should be getting. This truly is a problem."
lol RT : Chinese slang ‘diaosi’ causing social instability: official -    via 
 your lungs on the other hand...
RT : Does my inaugural Tweet have to be about China smog? Trying to follow one Beijing academic's advice: "Don't let the haze into …
   never gonna happen
RT : Kelly O'Dwyer thinks  is a 'genius' 'he lost a total of 44 seats but survived to be given a Senate seat: htt…
RT : On coming Germany trip #China Pres #XiJinping may focus on German atonement for war past to shame Japan—via  http://…
RT : Fascinating. Logistics wins battles. RT  Interesting analysis of how the battle of Maidan was won https:/…
RT : Here is the quote from the Obama panel review that Brandis says did not find NSA surveillance hadn't thwarted attacks htt…
RT : . asks Brandis when #Snowden admitted he was a traitor. Brandis forced to admit he hadn't.
RT : Bolt has, I've gotta say, exposed some genuine hypocrisy here: 
"新锐作家和传统作家的区别是：新锐作家是装逼让傻逼们评价，传统作家是装逼还不让傻逼知道。所以，传统作家现在明显干不过新锐作家" - 王朔 
RT : Paid 6-9 month PR internship available at CNN International. Closing date for applications is Friday: 
This tactic will backfire 
RT : Called it. via  RT : Scotland's Daily Record 
RT : Scotland's Daily Record 
RT : 
ICYMI: In 2011 I asked Andrew O'Hagan if he was ghostwriting Assange's book. These are my notes of the convo we had. 
RT : Weird to read in Oz press that G20 statement is a mandate for Hockey, because it supports "reform and growth." Who doe…
RT : Nail house man in Changsha lives in defiant solitude:  
&lt;逼是一样的逼，装上见高低&gt;这文章一定是王朔写的吗？
 no.
. looks at the patriotic politics of Abe &amp; Abbott. 
RT : Reuters: After Obama told them to stop spying on Merkel, NSA increased bugging of German ministers  
RT : Notes of conversation with Andrew O'Hagan about working with Julian Assange (with tweets) · fryan · Storify http://t.co/6NNoel…
  don't forget anti-semite.
 you think the TL;DR for O'Hagan's piece is Assange has personality flaws? Teensy bit reductive?
RT : Even People’s Daily making House of Cards references about Dalai Lama White House visit: 
RT : New Sinica podcast: Being disabled in China with  John Giszczack  &amp; me 
RT : China's Grain Wave - 
 I am BV7JT2FV
RT : برامج مشفرة وتحمي خصوصيتك بديلًا عن الواتساب:-
1-Telegram
2-Threema
3-SureSpot
4-MyEnigma
5-Wickr
6-ChatSecure

ولا تستخدم:-
…
My threema ID: BV7JT2FV
  that's why I'm specifically asking him not to.
 I spoke to O'Hagan about it in Beijing 2011. Here are my notes from that night 
  this is from the archives.
. how about a statement on O'Hagan's LRB article?
RT : Julian #Assange: Statement on publishing of so-called “autobiography” by #Cannongate (archive)

I'm using Threema now - a really secure messaging app. 
Interested to hear  &amp; 's take on O'Hagan's Assange article 
RT : ships and documents in #Mezhyhirya #Ukraine. jounos dry thousands if sheets fished out in river 
RT : more ships and docs in #Mezhyhirya #Ukraine. #Yanukovych dumped a lot of stuff when he ran 
 nice one matey
RT : YAY!!
. on the telly #insiders 
 glad I did it. Wasn't sure I'd ever be able publish. I'm glad he went public
RT : My friend ’s notes on a convo back in 2011 with Andrew O’Hagan on Assange (following LRB i/v) are worth reading h…
 2011
 really.
 thanks. I'll have a read.
  mentioned her too. Not familiar with her work 
 not a formal interview. I wasn't a journo at the time.
 sure. To be clear, all the podcast has is me asking him if he was ghostwriter &amp; his non-answer. Quotes I tweeted were from after
 I spoke to O'Hagan about it in 2011 
Notes of conversation with Andrew O'Hagan about working with Julian Assange  #storify
 You've been quoted in my #Storify "Notes of convo with O'Hagan about working with Julian Assange" 
  You've been quoted in my #Storify "Notes of convo with O'Hagan about working with Julian Assange" 
 not that strange. What are you implying?
I'm hoping the Beijing Bookworm still has the mp3 of O'Hagan's talk. I'll try to track it down.
That's pretty much it. Only sharing these notes now coz O'Hagan has gone public. Interesting to see his comments to me end up in LRB piece
After the book reading, O'Hagan told me he knew I was going to ask that question as soon as I opened my mouth.
O'Hagan said he couldn't comment but said he was a close friend of Assange.
There used to be a podcast here.  At 50:43 in the mp3 I asked O'Hagan if he was Assange's ghostwriter.
O'Hagan told me at the time that there was a lot of pressure and a lot of things to do at once.
O'Hagan told me Assange's researcher assistant was a young 25 year-old historian "a bit too young."
O'Hagan told me about handing a bunch of fan mail to Assange.
I think that was referring to paparazzi? My notes aren't clear...
O'Hagan talked about trying to access the mansion at 4am with a hoodie on. When all these flashes of cameras come from the bushes.
Assange to O'Hagan: "You're not helping me to write my book, I'm helping you to write your fiction"
  wasn't sure if it was on or off the record but now that he has published it seems OK
 add oil mate.
O'Hagan said Assange was urging him to talk:

"But this is how they recruit - and I don't want to be fucking recruited!"
O'Hagan said those newspapers had messed around with the chronology so they can't be pinned for anything by the government
 looking forward to reading it.
. yeah. He's gone public now so I'm tweeting notes of my - and 's) conversation with him in Beijing in 2011
"Which is typical of the New York Times. They like to think of themselves as the paper of record. They're so conceited"
and he said the New York Times was worse. "It's as if they're scrambling to write the history as fast as possible."
Not sure what O'Hagan was referring to, but in my notes it says he told me what the Guardian wrote is libellous /actionable
O'Hagan about Assange: "His stories just go on and on with the point somewhere way down the bottom"
O'Hagan said he said to Assange: "have you read any Locke?... because sometimes you sound like a second year philosophy student"
O'Hagan: "He does, but it's scattered. There are bits from here and there..."
I said to O'Hagan I was surprised he said that coz I thought Assange had quite a coherent ideology/manifesto as articulated in Manne's piece
Much of what O'Hagan says in the LRB piece he said to me in 2011. Like this - "I'm trying to give him a narrative, a manifesto"
. yeah I know. Just having a bit of fun. Tweeting my notes of discussion I had with O'Hagan in 2011 now
and that they (he and Assange) were in talks with Paul Greengrass to direct the movie of the book they were writing.
O'Hagan told me he thought Underground would make a good movie.
O'Hagan said he had read Underground by  and also Robert Manne's essay on . Said Manne essay "had inaccuracies
"
Assange: "Do you think I sound arrogant?"

O'Hagan: "For fucks sake!"
... "You need to learn to have some self-deprecation."
..."not everyone who left the organisation you had to kick out because they're incompetent ... "
O'Hagan: "I'm trying to teach you to write with some self deprecation. Not every story you tell has to have you as the hero....
O'Hagan: "You've been talking to me for 50 minutes about bee-keeping."

JA: *oblivious* "Have I?"
I made some notes after my conversation with O'Hagan. He said at the time he suspected JA was on the spectrum.
I asked O'Hagan about ghostwriting the Assange book when he was in Beijing in 2011.
Can't wait to see Assange's reaction to the O'Hagan article. Absolutely devastating.  
  def not as good as people assume.
RT : This #longread by Assange's would-be ghostwriter is surely most incisive and honest thing written about @WikiLeaks http://t.c…
Yup. RT : Andrew OHagan, rumoured #assange ghostwriter, arrives as part of JA party. That's one rumour confirmed, then?
RT : Chat app 'ThreeMa' taking off. Sounds Chinese (not) &amp; end-to-end encryption makes it good alternative to WeChat http://t.co/p1sh…
RT : His Holiness the Dalai Lama with President Barack Obama in the Map Room of the White House on February 21, 2014. http://t.co…
RT : The  text has a new line: the Pres &amp; DL agreed on importance of "a positive and constructive relationship bet…
 probably not.
  rat-fucking is American political slang for political muck-raking. Also, he was speaking off-the-record.
RT : ah, noiw the ZYK investigation is really getting into the deep state: 
lol  
RT : Delighted to be working at Harvard University’s Kennedy School. China’s future important for us all.  KR…
RT : Detention of those close to Zhou Yongkang is like 'pulling out a tiger’s teeth so it turns into a sick cat' http://t.co/4pPlr0P6…
RT : “: Former PM RT  appointed as a senior fellow at   cc 
RT : Good summary of China's food security issues.  #china #australia
RT : China abandoning its policy of grain self sufficiency could bring a $2 billion windfall for Australian farmers http://…
 haha his. Forgot my #sarcasm hashtag :P
AAP copy on Obama &amp; Dalai Lama: "the two Nobel peace laureates would meet in Washington on Friday" lulz
 brave, brave words.
RT : Chinese media say Aus 'Chinese community' set up an "Anti-Japanese War Crimes Alliance" in Sydney w statue to come htt…
RT : 奥巴马将再会十四世达赖喇嘛 Expect some explosive words from Beijing: Obama to meet Dalai Lama on Friday: US official 
RT : Top trending topic on China's Weibo... even tho $FB not allowed in China &amp; WhatsApp has barely made a dent http://t.co/oD24EqG…
RT : This week's  email is out. Check your inbox now! Subscribe here: ​
RT : chinese media is fairly extensively reporting on the ukraine protests. they look to have lots of propaganda value 4 beijing. at …
RT : Peoples daily-Liu han's protector will b publicly exposed 党报:刘汉保护伞将被公之于众   finally close 2 Zhou yongkang a…
RT : Hahahahahahaha THE FONTS 
“: I was in pieces after watching that Ch 4 piece from Kiev.” + 1
RT : Harrowing. Incredible coverage of yesterday's events in #Kiev by Matt Frei of  #ITN http://t.co/M5jt6SZw6…
RT : Of all the things Abbott has done, running a slush fund to take down Pauline Hanson is the least worrisome.
 why do you think Beijing is OK with being rude atm?
  apparently it's normally more diplomatic? See 's take:   
 is it new that they're doing it in front of press this time around?
RT : China has been finding and raising human rights issues with Western countries since the early 1990s. It's a diplomatic game, no…
  would love to hear about it. Feel free to call me anytime 03 92923970
RT : Excellent article by  on why #China's food security is at tipping point. 
 thanks James.
