2014春运落幕宁波累计客运量同比下降三成 - 凤凰网 -  
Защита экс-министра Сердюкова направила ходатайство о применении к нему амнистии - Интерфакс -  
Walkers from Attawapiskat reach Ottawa, seeking talks about treaty rights - The Globe ... -  
Harriet Harman condemns paper's 'smear campaign' - BBC News -  
Daniel Morcombe murder: Prosecution questions witness Douglas Jackway if he ... - ABC Online -  
Venezuela's Maduro Faces Internal Criticism - Wall Street Journal -  
Rajoy y Rubalcaba arrancan en el Congreso la pugna por las ... - La Vanguardia -  
Bush hunt launched after shots fired at police car - The Australian -  
居民收入统计首次城乡合一预计“十三五”初正式并轨 - 新华网 -  
HSBC boss Stuart Gulliver to get 70 per cent pay rise - taking his salary to £4.2 ... -  ... -  
Diabetic alert dog has a nose for trouble - Vancouver Sun -  
Several new phones coming, but all eyes on Samsung Galaxy S5 - Economic Times -  
Samsung unveils Gear 2 and Gear 2 Neo smartwatches - USA TODAY -  
Ramis, Zen Master to a Wild Comedy Storm, Dies - ABC News -  
How citizens' welfare is hurting the environment - Times of India -  
房贷若停放基金将受益 - 新浪网 -  
Марадона станет комментатором на ЧМ-2014 - Газета.Ru -  
Arizona bill letting businesses deny service for religious reasons sparks heated ... - ... -  
Gay marriage: Labor's Tanya Plibersek to introduce private members bill - ABC Online -  
What's On Warren Buffett's Mind? - Barron's -  
Felipão convoca Jô e Fred e fecha porta para surpresas - Terra Brasil -  
Tizen devices are HERE ... and they're Samsung Galaxy Gear 2 watches - Register -  
Google's Schmidt to give the world a $1 million tech upgrade - CNNMoney -  
Eguren lamenta derrota em seu retorno ao Palmeiras -  -  
As Governors Convene at White House, Louisiana Governor Rejects Bipartisan ... - New ... -  
'Late Night With Seth Meyers' premieres tonight: 5 things we want to see - ... -  
Dilma reafirma opção pelo aperto fiscal - Monitor Mercantil -  
Un meteorito se estrella en la Luna y registra una explosión - Ideal Digital -  
England's Billy Vunipola ruled out of Six Nations with an ankle injury - The Guardian -  
Michael Gove: suspend air passenger duty during school summer holidays - The Guardian -  
Cameron and Salmond set out vision of independent Scotland and its oil wealth - The Guardian -  
Samsung releases Galaxy S5, new wearables - Washington Post -  
You really CAN die of a broken heart: Losing a loved one doubles the risk of ... - ... -  
Police taskforce to work with royal commission on union corruption, George ... - The Age -  
Hodgson calls in cycling master Brailsford to give his troops World Cup rallying call - ... -  
'Ronan Farrow Daily' premiere review: New news for the young youth - Entertainment Weekly -  
Robin Thicke propositioned by woman he 'grabbed' at VMAs last year - Daily Mail -  
भीषण मुठभेड़ में सात विदेशी आतंकी ढेर - दैनिक जागरण -  
Александр Соколовский: Магадану выпала большая честь провести Эстафету Паралимпийского о ... -  
El apoyo de Urkullu a los verificadores aviva las reticencias de ... - ... -  
Harriet Harman rejects allegations of 1970s link to paedophile campaign - The Guardian -  
Ator da novela 'Lado a Lado' está preso por assalto -  -  
Why you should update your Apple devices now - San Jose Mercury News -  
Rahul Gandhi woos ex-servicemen in Chandigarh - Times of India -  
Obama Promises Governors Aid Needed to Combat Wildfires - Bloomberg -  
Facebook's Zuckerberg: WhatsApp Worth More Than Its Price Tag - Wall Street Journal -  
Datafolha registra queda no apoio aos protestos de rua no Brasil -  -  
Ontario bill that would let cities hold ranked-ballot elections is closer to reality - ... -  
الشباب والفتح يبدآن المشوار بأصعب اختبار - جريدة المدينة -  
Survei: pemimpin yang populis makin disukai -  
Men in Blue On the Run, Literally - The New Indian Express -  
2014年春运落幕青岛火车站40天发送旅客195万人 - 凤凰网 -  
लादेन से प्रभावित है आतंकी यासीन भटकल - दैनिक जागरण -  
Защита Сердюкова направила в СКР ходатайство об амнистии - Полит.ру -  
Early Ovary Removal Reduces Long-Term Cancer Risk: Study - Wall Street Journal -  
'Robocop' de Padilha faz R$ 8 mi na estreia e lidera bilheteria ... - Boa Informação -  
Corinthians tenta devolver motivação a Guerrero - NoticiasBR -  
KPU anggarkan Rp1,7 triliun untuk personel Perlindungan Masyarakat -  
Debiti PA, Renzi passa la palla a Padoan. Delrio: pronte ipotesi ... - L'Occidentale -  
Asian Stocks Rise as Won Rebounds; Gold Near 4-Month High - Bloomberg -  
Researchers risk missing a berth in race for bionic brain - Sydney Morning Herald -  
Facebook'tan veda edip uçurumdan atladı... - BorsArti -  
Desconcierto en el Barcelona - Terra España -  
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni signs anti-gay bill - BBC News -  
Samsung Galaxy S5 - Daily Mail -  
Volcanoes helped slow global warming, Livermore scientists conclude - San Jose Mercury News -  
Erin Andrews Opens Up About DWTS: 'I'm Coming Back Home' - People Magazine -  
Blow for Congress, RJD as 13 of Lalu's 22 MLAs break away - Times of India -  
道路水路春运旅客33亿人次 - 新华网 -  
John Dingell: five must-knows about the longest-serving member of Congress - Christian ... -  
Câmeras mostram são-paulinos de tocaia à espera de santistas em ... - Gl ... -  
420 человек были задержаны минувшим вечером на Манежной площади и прилегающих улицах. -  ... -  
An east-west battle over Ukraine can be avoided - Financial Times -  
Número de pessoas a favor de protestos de rua no Brasil diminui -  -  
Deutschland: Einflussreicher radikal-islamischer Salafist verhaftet - Tiroler ... -  
Un Dortmund con muchas bajas desconfía del Zenit - La Verdad -  
Le Galaxy S5 hésite entre innovation et continuité - Le Matin Online -  
Grazi Massafera posa de biquíni para ensaio de revista - Terra Brasil -  
Yanukovych was planning harsh clampdown, leak reveals - The Globe and Mail -  
Ukraine crisis: Russia steps up Ukraine rhetoric - BBC News -  
Pedagang soto bawa narkoba Rp5 miliar ditangkap -  
李克强会见越南祖国阵线中央委员会主席 - 网易 -  
Футболист Уэйн Руни: выход в финал Лиги чемпионов станет отличным результатом для МЮ - И ... -  
Split in Maduro's ranks amid Venezuela turmoil - Channel News Asia -  
Flaş Haber - Başbakanlık'ta Acil Zirve Toplantısı - avrupagazete -  
शिंदे ने कांग्रेस विरोधी चैनलों को दी कुचलने की धमकी - दैनिक जागरण -  
Ontario moving ahead with calorie counts on restaurant menus and menu boards - Winnipeg ... -  
El 'caso Neymar' aumenta el desprestigio del Barça - La Verdad -  
Italy's New Premier Wins Crucial Confidence Vote - ABC News -  
Labour's deputy leader Harriet Harman finally broke silence - Daily Mail -  
Forscher sicher: Weltweit erste Cannabis-Todesfälle nachgewiesen - FOCUS Online -  
برلمان ليبيا يتجه لحل ميليشيات هددت باعتقال أعضائه وتنفيذ انقلاب عسكري - الشرق الاوسط -  
Миодраг Божович: Россия - однозначный фаворит, а Черногории будет по силам побороться за ... -  
李克强会见越南祖国阵线中央委员会主席 - 搜狐 -  
В Петербурге «узников болотной» поддержали хоровым пением - Аргументы.ру -  
Öğrencisinin çıplak fotoğraflarını paylaşan profesöre soruşturma - Hürriyet -  
WhatsApp CEO: Aiming for Voice Product in Second Quarter - Wall Street Journal -  
Cameroun: libération de Thierry Michel Atangana et Titus Edzoa - RFI -  
Asian Index Futures Gain as Won Forwards Signal Rally; Oil Rises - Businessweek -  
Venezuela's Maduro Faces Internal Criticism -- Update - Wall Street Journal -  
Defeat in price war seals Calver's fate - Financial Times -  
Leaders: Plan B for offers no monetary control - Scotsman -  
湖北女子勾引6官员发生关系针孔摄像头录像后敲诈 - 凤凰网 -  
Gem found on Australian sheep ranch is the oldest known piece of Earth ... - Sydney ... -  
Eguren alerta o Palmeiras: 'a vitória cega um pouco' - Paraná-Online -  
Pre-inspection program for inbound cargo trucks begins at busy US-Canada ... - The ... -  
Robin Thicke separates from wife Paula Patton - Daily Mail -  
Уле-Эйнар Бьорндален потерял винтовку, с которой дважды завоевал золото Игр в Сочи - ИТА ... -  
Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg: WhatsApp,  aimed at long-term ... -  
Piers Morgan: 'I'd love to stay with CNN' after nightly show ends - Los Angeles Times -  
Grazi e Cauã são vistos juntos em bailinho de Carnaval - A Tarde On Line -  
最高法终审驳回奇虎360上诉判奇虎360赔腾讯500万 - 腾讯网 -  
Susie Wolff will become first woman in 22 years to drive an F1 car at a ... -  
Canadians can come to us, Conservatives tell NDP on election rules rewrite - Ottawa Citizen -  
严格规范减刑假释暂予监外执行 - 新浪网 -  
David Cameron considering ruling out a future coalition -  -  
Two cases of measles confirmed in Mass. - Boston Globe -  
Rússia ameaça aumentar taxas para Ucrânia - Jornal do Brasil -  
Защитник «Бетиса» Начо пропустит матч против «Рубина» - Советский спорт -  
CHP MYK Toplantısı sona erdi - Anadolu Ajansı -  
Bienestar Social propone moderar el copago pero no lo retirará - El  ... -  
HTC smartphones to aid in science research -  -  
Canadians can come to us, Conservatives tell NDP on election rules rewrite - Edmonton ... -  
La elección del nuevo dueño del Valencia puede prolongarse hasta ... - Las Provincias -  
Uganda's President Museveni signs controversial anti-gay bill into law - CNN -  
New Pentagon budget calls for smaller Army, pay changes - USA TODAY -  
FA Cup - Davies relishing Black Cats tie - Yahoo Eurosport UK -  
FA Cup - Davies relishing Black Cats tie - Yahoo Eurosport UK -  
दलित वोट बैंक पर है भाजपा की नजर - देशबन्धु -  
Экс-министр обороны попросил амнистию - BFM.Ru -  
Sammy Yatim shooting: OIPRD launches its own review of Toronto police use-of ... - ... -  
17 Aralık'a ilişkin skandal kayıtlar - Yeni Bursa -  
Mark Zuckerberg Says WhatsApp Worth More Than $19 Billion Paid - Businessweek -  
Auch Oettinger warb um Sponsoren für Nord-Süd-Dialog - WESER-KURIER online -  
Abbott Dodges Nugent Questions With "I Never Look Back" Response - NBC 5 Dallas-Fort Worth -  
Deputado Roberto Jefferson é levado para presídio em Niterói, no RJ - Gl ... -  
Başpiskopos'dan Türkiye'ye ÇOK SERT SÖZLER! - BorsArti -  
Nicolas Anelka forced to foot lawyer's bill as his 'quenelle' case finally reaches ... ... -  
1-1: Calaio neutraliza un gol de Higuaín y frustra al Nápoles de ... - Mundo Deportivo -  
业内人士认为近期房价涨幅还将持续降低 - 网易 -  
Santos lamenta morte de torcedor agredido por rivais - Paraná-Online -  
किसानों की सभा में राजनीति की संसद, उठाए हल और दिए किसानों के जवाब - दैनिक भास्कर -  
Seth Rogen to direct video game flick 'Console Wars' - USA TODAY -  
Roberto Jefferson passa por novos exames médicos em Bangu - Terra Brasil -  
Ukraine Issues Arrest Warrant for Ousted President Viktor Yanukovych - Wall Street Journal -  
Hull and Charlton advance into FA Cup quarters - AFP -  
'17 Aralık Olaylarının Başbakan Ve Ailesinin Etrafında Odaklandığı ... - Haber FX -  
CHP: Hükümet meşruiyetini yitirmiştir - Haber Aktuel -  
Euronews разместил на обложке своего «Фейсбука» оскверненный памятник советским воинам - ... -  
经济恶化加剧动荡委内瑞拉誓言不做第二个乌克兰 - 搜狐 -  
India will not prosecute Italian marines under piracy law - ABC Online -  
Diretor e ator Harold Ramis, de 'Os caça-fantasmas', morre aos 69 ... -  ... -  
Piers Morgan and CNN plan end to his prime-time show - Times of India -  
Pacte de responsabilité: CSG progressive et 300.000 emplois créés - AFP -  
Butta la madre dall'ottavo piano e chiama il 113: "Ho ucciso mamma ... - Rai News -  
Nicolas Anelka's hearing over controversial 'quenelle' celebration to ... -  
Merlin conjures up Shrek attraction at London's South Bank - This is Money -  
Harold Ramis of 'Ghostbusters,' 'Groundhog Day' fame dies - CNN -  
Ações da ALL fecham em alta de 8,74% após proposta de fusão ... - Diário do Sudoeste -  
“请全国人民免费打车”还能持续多久？ - 网易 -  
सैमसंग ने लॉन्च किया गैलक्सी S5 स्मार्टफोन - नवभारत  टाइम्स -  
UPDATE 4-Ukraine calls for urgent Western aid after Yanukovich ousted - Reuters -  
Jury out on vitamins' use against heart disease, cancer - Reuters -  
CHP: Hükümet meşruiyetini yitirmiştir -  -  
70城市房价6城下跌 - 搜狐 -  
PGR pede extradição de Pizzolato ao Ministério da Justiça - Terra Brasil -  
Egypt Government Resignation Opens Way for al-Seesi 'Countdown' - Businessweek -  
Pantin : une femme et sa fille tuées - Le Parisien -  
HSBC's stars to bypass bonus crackdown - The Times (subscription) -  
业内人士：近期房价涨幅将持续降低 - 新浪网 -  
Yer yerinden oynatacak yeni dinleme listesi - Haber Vitrini -  
Warb er Kämpfer für den Dschihad an? - Prediger Sven L. bei Salafisten- Razzia ... - E ... -  
Piers Morgan tries to look on the bright side after CNN chat show axed - The Guardian -  
العثور على جثث سبعة مصريين مسيحيين مقتولين على شاطئ في شرق ليبيا - رويترز العربية -  
Prepare for Seth Meyers's First Late Night with His Funniest SNL Clips - People Magazine -  
Premier League - Mourinho on Falcao: 'I have no striker, and he has no team' - Yahoo ... -  
Ousted Ukraine president accused of mass murder of civilians - Washington Post -  
Puppy breeder, 82, arrested after two women and four dogs found dead with ... - Metro -  
Torcedor do Santos morre espancado -  -  
Nokia X first androids here -  -  
ФК "Зенит" начинает борьбу за первый в истории четвертьфинал ЛЧ - РИА Новости -  
FA Cup: Charlton edge out Sheffield Wednesday 2-1 - SkySports -  
Le Samsung S5 enfin révélé - Les Échos -  
Death Toll Surges to 13 in Venezuela as Protests Resume - Voice of America -  
Chinese officials reportedly shut some businesses as pollution soars - Sydney Morning Herald -  
الأردن: إحباط إدخال «ذخائر» عبر الحدود السورية للمملكة - الرياض -  
Tylenol use during pregnancy linked to ADHD in kids, study finds - Los Angeles Times -  
Liga de Campeones | Ida octavos de final - Visitas de 'infierno' para ... - RTVE -  
Judge approves $32.7-million deal for ex-residents of two Ontario institutions - ... -  
Arsenal's Mesut Özil 'questioned over photographer collision' - The Guardian -  
Pranab promises help for Telangana development - The Hindu -  
1bn down, 6bn to go: Zuck to grow Facebook by touting 'free internet onramp' for ... - ... -  
#MWC2014: WhatsApp's worth is more than $19 billion, Facebook CEO Mark ... - Times of India -  
China offers to keep momentum of border talks - The Hindu -  
China offers to keep momentum of border talks - The Hindu -  
China offers to keep momentum of border talks - The Hindu -  
'Piers Morgan Live' to be canceled by CNN as early as next month, network says - New ... -  
Hull 2-1 Brighton - match report: Keeper errors cost Albion as Tigers stutter into ... ... -  
Hull 2-1 Brighton - match report: Keeper errors cost Albion as Tigers stutter into ... ... -  
На акциях в Москве и Петербурге поддержку "болотников" задержаны сотни людей - Деловой П ... -  
