RT : 我又没有很想你，只是每次醒来时，第一个想到你。
RT : 我没有很想你，只是想看看你的样子，听听你的声音。
My boyfie!ahaha#表弟#will miss him ;( @ Pantai Acheh, Balik Pulau 
Battery critical low TT
Sister teach mum playing flappy bird HAHAHA!
Sometimes i jst think that wanna throw my phone.
Dunno then good.
戏里所演的是坏人 在戏外都会被误当为坏人。
人最容易改变想法 这一秒我的决定是是 下一秒可能是不。
": I really hate being compared to someone else."
": Sorry, I'm not perfect."
 i know ahh,我问你english literature老师教到哪里?
他应该不知道吧?
 谢谢你，其实是你多心了。刚才你让我捏了一把冷汗。
 慧恩跟他的关系比我更好，就是我认为不可能才会问你嘛.
你想得太完美了。
 我问过他，只是他不要承认。你觉得这事情有可能发生吗？
#2222tweets Hope what i think it may happen.
突然间首页都是我们。
 你猜的嘛!跟他谈得来罢了你就以为是?He oso gt the people that he like ehh
 我知道你讲的是谁.We just friend,okayy?
 sunburn!
 i jst no want tell u ;)
 why worr?
 要不然去沙漠了旅行?
 对不起,我也不了解我自己.U wanna say or nt?
 你还蛮聪明的,NO HINT,ahaha!
 dunno worr.你要说就说啦。
 谁会这样笨给你hint?你就说你猜的那一个就行了。
 说吧!希望你不要瞎猜。
 你的朋友是谁哦?
qi si wo le.
LAZY TO DO MY HOMEWORK.
I just know that many of my friends also got Twitter lehh.
 haha i better than uu,at first gain 1 mark ahaha!yalo,why it die so faster oohh
 yala,i oso dunno how to play ehh.Sometimes must see luck ehh
Candy crush终于过一个level.
 haha,so i ask my sister help me gain high score.She play till 30++marks leh
 good dy loo..yala sometimes i jst wanna掐死它.
 那个人就是你。
 11markss,u?
wo yue lai yue tao yan flappy birdd.
RT : Love is a song that never ends. –Bambi
But i know it won't happen because u have the person that u like.
I want be with you all the time,all the day.
Our story wanna end if you don't care it again and again.
The Last.
我是假装不在乎。
她不愿意做的事就要由我来做？什么道理？=.=
My dessert also eat by sister =.=
": 有时候不是对方不在乎你 而是你把对方看得太重"
RT : 过了就没得再回头，所以我们要珍惜眼前的东西。
I'm at BlackBall Original Taiwanese Tea &amp; Dessert (黑丸) - @blackballpenang (Air Itam, Penang) 
Sister wanna take photo,whole family member also must go to that shop.
Hot weather.
RT": Being with you feels so right."
绝望:-|
You never know whats my feel with you.
Finally 9 markss.
得不到我想要的.
": 爱情，说来就来，没有预告。"
": 爱一个人很难，放弃自己心爱的人更难。"
Dad ask me to eat instant noodles as my lunch.NOOO PLEASEEE!
RT : If you ignore me, I will ignore you. If you don't start the conversation, we won't talk. If you don't put in the effort, wh…
I'm so sleepy but forced to wake up because of my aunts call.
RT : I really want to be with you right now.
RT : You can never "just be friends" with someone you fell in love with.
Still gt time for praying maaa.
Let me sleep for 15mins plsss.
Sleepyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Daddy don't allow me to sleep coz later have praying ;(
": I'm not perfect, I make mistakes, I hurt people, but when I say sorry, I actually mean it."
If i know to drive then no need ur help.
Ask you to buy smtg also can't.
": I wish I knew then, what I know now."
I hate this feeling ;(
Tired.
I know it won't happen.
I hope your personality is same as what i think abt.
": No matter how "busy" a person is, if they care they will always find time for you."
HURT
You make me disappointed.
High score just 5 marks lol.
Crazing with that flappy bird.
RT : Sadness is seeing your best friend close with someone else. :(
Sleep early for the boring tomorrow.___.
男朋友不必找帅的,只要对我忠诚就好。
RT : 每一個嘴上說不想談戀愛的人,心裡都裝著一個不可能的人
I'm at Sunshine Farlim Shopping Mall (Air Itam, Penang) 
Just realise it.
Happened one week ago.
RT : They say if you dream a thing more than once, it's sure to come true. –Aurora (Sleeping Beauty)
RT : I care about you more than you think.
Just though what happen teacher suddenly call me.
朋友,你不简单。
RT : The heart is not so easily changed, but the head can be persuaded. –Pabbie (Frozen)
RT : Someday I’ll find my love, someone to call my own. And I know at the moment we meet, my heart will start skipping the beat…
Maybe?idk.Hope you won't miss the chance yaa.
U beh paisehh,don't let me laugh till can't sleep.Or not i'll msg u ask u up to talk with me.
I nt say jst now laa.
Okay then.U don't dare to talk with me,right?
Always ask me not to trust you.If i don't trust u then i won't smile to u dy.
算了,我不在乎。
We are not friends.Ahaha!Didn't smile will like stranger ahh?actually ur person is nice but i dunno why u keep says urself bad.
I know you won't answer my tweet.
Are you satisfy now?
I just wonder.
为什么你那么渴望我对你的笑容?
If no,then no need dy.You don't miss the chance la.Hahaha!
Later if i see u again then smile,okay?
Miss the chance.Really sorry!
对不起，看到你时来不及反应。
 after 9pm only finishh
 head still here,ehh i tuition noww
 ini merupakan org yg tabah!
 yalo,bt i won't cry easily ehh U DON'T THINK TOO MUCH!
 huiyo,gamdong niaa..
 i where gt bully u?我心地善良;和蔼可亲,平易近人..ahhaaha!
 dunwan he go horr?nvm,i help u tell him
 later he didn't go u'll cry then.
 siao liaooo
Today will got assembly?
I think i'll sleep in the hall.
": “Be Patient" is very good advice, but the waiting makes me curious. –Alice (Alice in Wonderland)"
RT : Don't rush anything. When the time is right, it'll happen
忘了微笑.
"art is rubbish is art" @ Hin Company Bus Depot 
Wait him for almost 20mins.
Don't tell me that my dad forget to fetch me bck again.
原来是我误会。
I'm at Hin Company Bus Depot (George Town, Penang) w/ 10 others 
I'm at Cecil St. Wet Market &amp; Hawker Stalls (七条路巴刹) (George Town, Penang) w/ 2 others 
More than hundred people in it.
Bank also people mountain people sea.
 so i'll tell u after i discuss with teacher.coz 8/2 that day is 初九,so many of us will nt come but still is Hari KK.
 did u receive my msg?
I'm just an ordinary girl. Sometimes I'm lazy. I get bored. I get scared. I feel ignored. I feel happy. I get silly.
Blocking again =.=
Mosquitoes always like to bite me ;(
I'm at Pondok Upeh 
It's late.But haven't back ;(
父•爱 @ Teluk Kumbar 
": 虽然现在很苦很累，但还是会继续走下去，我只是不想后悔。"
I'm at Sunshine Farlim Shopping Mall (Air Itam, Penang) 
也难怪你的支持者多.
Sure fat die mee.
Barbeque night.
Okay,she is the best.But why still want me to redo?
多么痛的领悟.
RT : Someday, you'll miss me like I missed you. Someday, you'll need me like I needed you. Someday, you'll love me but I won't l…
Lou Sang#throwback 
": I really don't care about a lot of things, but when I do care, I care too much."
RT : Never say goodbye, because saying goodbye means going away, and going away means forgetting. –Peter Pan
I'm at Relau (Relau, Penang) 
RT : Do what you gotta do to be happy.
I'm at Jln. Tengah (Bayan Baru, Penang) 
Bad service.
I'm at Hai Boey Seafood (海尾海鲜) (Teluk Kumbar, Penang) w/ 3 others 
I'm yours when i'm with you ;) 
Again here. (@ Pantai Acheh, Balik Pulau) 
Hungryy ;(
Btw where's my lunch?
Haven't eat my breakfast and lunch yet.
RT : 你是一个什么样的人，就会听到什么样的歌，看到什么样的文，写出什么样的字，遇到什么样的人。你能听到治愈的歌，看到温暖的文，写着倔强的字，遇到正好的人；你会相信那些信念，温暖，梦想和坚持这些早就老掉牙的字眼；是因为你就是这样的人。
很奇怪.
I told her no need,she still say that i'll regret.
Still ask me whether wanna receive angpao frm her or nt.
Walao still got people ask me when school reopen leh.
我们相遇得太晚.
": We met for a reason, either you're a blessing or a lesson."
RT : me every monday: i can't wait for another weekend.

every weekend: I'm so bored.
Allergic again.
#np I'm only me when i'm with you
Wechat with cousin in the same house.
RT : Relationships are harder now because conversations become texting, arguments become phone calls, and feelings become statu…
They ask me get frm others siblings.
Still left RM80.
Get RM100 frm my aunt for the donation card!
RT : Kissing a girl on the forehead is one of the sweetest things in the world.
跟外公特别有默契 AHAHA!
I'm yours.
还讲我会患上忧郁症。=.=
静静的在那边听他们讲话不插嘴 也被外公说久了就会变白痴。
Mosquitoes like to drink my blood.
穿新衣在外婆家做义工。
Steamboat night.
Oh goshh.火灾!
Marshmallows.
#ootd 
I need my own personal photographer.
They are chatting there,i'm now charging my phone and tweeting.
Hot weather.
拜年。 (@ Pantai Acheh, Balik Pulau w/ 2 others) 
I'm at Balik Pulau (浮羅山背) (Balik Pulau, Penang) w/ 2 others 
I'm so tired of all this.
我受够了!
是你先开始和我吵的 到最后又是我的错?
RT : I'm single but I know exactly who I want.
你不知道的事
就那么的突然喊了一下。
