Lantern官方镜像上线 
央视截图被删除 ”痛苦不堪的表情“   
李承鹏V：胡锡进，出来道歉。 
RT : #China urges #Obama to cancel meeting w/ #DalaiLama (at #WhiteHouse today, Fri 2/21)—  @reuters http:/…
Joey · Conssuf 的故事。 
RT : Why is #China's govt victimizing #LiuXia?  Fear of her Nobel Laureate husband, #LiuXiaobo  http:/…
RT : 莫名戳了笑点RT: 新浪的是“越过世界，走向长城”？
RT : 第一条推…..被Twitter设置的默认介绍萌哭了：越过长城，走向世界！世界，我来了！#新人求fo http://…
    By IP addresses. Seems all IP addresses of fastly are blocked.
RT : 21+ RT : 公告：由北京锋锐律师所代理的北大原教授夏业良起诉北京大学违反劳动法，侵犯劳动者（夏教授）合法权益案，北京某法院已经正式立案！
RT : 【《纸牌屋》打破中国监管屏障】- 美剧《纸牌屋》受到网络观众热捧，上周五开播的最新一季包含大量有关中国的剧情，比如中国的网络间谍活动和中日在东中国海的紧张局势。 http://t.co/hjl1cic1…
Large CDN fastly blocked in China.  Attempts to degrade Github performance in China? 
  tests say everything is fine
RT : 's statice files(JS/CSS) are blocked by the Great Fire Wall of China. Someone says the keyword 'ssl' in domain trigger…
    our tests show from yesterday 
RT : 's assets (JS/CSS) blocked from #China make me a sad panda. 
RT : GitHub几无法正常显示页面，我翻墙到墙内到信息产业部网站也申诉了一下，我仍是湖南居民呢。申诉方法：  
”您的提问已经提交成功，问题号为8503515205。请牢记此编号，以便查询。“ http://t.co…
China discredits any story that upsets political balance or casts Party in unfavorable light. On China Journalism: 
Snowden Documents Reveal Covert Surveillance and Pressure Tactics Aimed at WikiLeaks and Its Supporters  
新闻记者和博客作者如何绕过中国不断加强的审查制度 
 we were referring to a plan we have where Google can end online censorship in China 
Dear John Kerry: Cisco built great firewall, Apple and Bing willingly enforce it, Google could destroy it. 
We ran our own Microsoft Bing censorship test. This is what we found.  via 
RT : new TiA post - Welcome back! Dropbox is now unblocked in China, 
翻墙指南，包含大量翻墙软件测试结果。 
RT : New Chinese users Lantern forum hosted by  : 
蓝灯论坛正式上线 蓝灯()以及自由微博和官方中文站点。
澄清“言论自由”的各种误区 
International Bing is still serving Chinese propaganda when searching 达赖喇嘛（DaLai Lama） in U.S
RT : What's so touching is Microsoft did all that for us on its own. True love is never having to ask a Western toady to kow…
RT : Well that's awkward. We were crazy busy developing an ideologically pure search engine. Then we realized Bing already e…
Bing is now including FreeWeibo in its result. However, International Bing is still censored in China; MS added explicit censorship notice.
RT : 微软必应：将中国审查全球化：微软的搜索引擎“必应”本周引发全球关注，并非因为什么技术创新，而是因为在涉嫌对全球中文用户进行“中国式”审查。网络自由组织推测，必应的程式可能本身亲中国官媒、排境外中文媒体 …
RT : RT : 纽约时报T杂志中文版iPad客户端正式上线！可阅读完整图文，还可选择中英文双语。所以说“生活”是份礼物(That's why we call "T"oday the present)。https://t.co/SP…
Where is Microsoft Bing's transparency report? great piece from   via 
 can you contact me? charlie.smith@greatfire.org
We invite dialogue w/ big tech on China. Bing had chance to comment on this but they refused.  via 
泡泡网被全站屏蔽，但其也使用了镜像网站方式保证访问。 墙内镜像 
［看看国内媒体谁牛］环球时报发表的“北京不适合人类居住”都被新浪审查了  目前唯一没被删除的网页新闻是财经网。
Journo and blogger arrests, crackdown on cyber-dissidents, reinforced censorship and restrictions on foreign media. 
via : "Microsoft simply unit of China's Propaganda Department". Our new Bing update: 
AFP reporting that Bing search results for Liu Xiaobo are also being manipulated 
RT : Is 's Bing censoring Chinese search terms globally? My report for @CNNi:  #nscnn
[上海社科院报告：北京污染严重 已接近不适合居住程度] 连环球时报的转载都被审查了。原文如下。 
RT : 有bing,真是药不能停 RT : Bing在全球实行中国式审查  from 
RT : "freeweibo" currently unsearchable on Weibo  Prob unrelated to Bing report; it's sensitive as is  @Gre…
RT : Internet censorship: Bing's Chinese enigma  Analects blog post
Bing’s Chinese search result ‘glitch’ still reeks of censorship 
Bing's govt-set censorship filters outside of China ominous extension of Great Firewall’s reach:  via 
[Animation]Bing censoring Chinese language search results in US.  
 （English／中文）
［动画］Bing在美国审查搜索结果
 Indeed. Maybe we should clarify all our tests are done using standard web version. We'll look into mobile too. Thank you!
 The desktop version is censored. 
Microsoft has not responded directly to wider allegations of censorship on all global versions of Bing: 
Click  to test for yourself whether Bing is censored in U.S
Microsoft blames 'system error' but denies censoring Chinese search results 
Another lie: Bing says they fixed bug in 2009 on censored image search in response to  - search 法轮功 
. facing first major test as Microsoft CEO over global Bing censorship of China-related issues: 
The more things change... Bing promoting Chinese propaganda overseas first highlighted by  in 2009 
Next Media fills in the blanks: their animation featuring Microsoft, 拍马屁, and China:  
   gain: market access, concessions, etc. China could demand - but how can Microsoft justify agreeing to this?
What's amazing is anybody anywhere can test Bing for Chinese censorship and see Microsoft's denial of complicity is a flat out lie.
   so any Chinese-speaking citizen of any nation should be subjected to Chinese censorship? this is unlikely
   the servers are in the US, even for China Bing - and copying the right Dominic 
RT : Quick Bing search for 1989 天安门 and got govt sites, plus a couple sites for massacre. Also "some results removed" at bottom. @…
LOL: Microsoft China won't respond to Bing claims b/c we "made too many points in our original statement" 
 Try this finding  You have to include the mkt=zh-CN in this search term. Some other terms don't
   they are censoring negative search results about China everywhere in the world, including France
Microsoft now claims "technical error" on Bing Chinese censorship. This is simply not true. Our response: 
RT :   看完文章了，微软确实没节操。做法应该是：部分敏感词汇如果在外国经常有人搜索的话，就不会被屏蔽。但搜索量没那么大的则是部分或严重屏蔽。这样一来，其实很有欺骗性，会让大部分人不容易感知到自己的搜索被审查。
   ”八九六四“确实没有。 但其他搜索词汇有比如自由微博，达赖喇嘛。 见我们的测试表格。
  Our FreeWeibo website index is in Chinese.  Google's results are all in Chinese too.
  No.Chinese site has a different logo. Even the Chinese site has servers in U.S, not China. 
［Bing在全球实行中国式审查］即使在美国使用Bing国际版进行搜索，搜索结果照样受中国政府命令进行审查。 
RT : Advocacy group alleges #Microsoft Bing implements global #censorship of searches which displease #China's govt http://t.co/…
Bing making sure customers worldwide protected from information that China deems to be negative: 
Bing practicing Chinese censorship globally - our latest research, just published: 
Apple censorship just getting worse: can't engrave "Dalai Lama" or "Tibet independence" on a new iPad in China 
前面发了个中国数字时代链接是英文版的，中文版链接是这个 
因为技术原因，旧镜像地址已经无法访问。请使用新地址。请大家帮忙转发。 自由微博 ，中国数字时代 
Good read: 100s of active Internet users were detained/arrested following China crackdown on social media  
RT : 19+ RT : 翻墙后第一次接触到8964这类的信息，脑子里一片空白，看着百度显示的“根据相关法律法规和政策，部分搜索结果未予显示。”突然觉得自己像是一只蚂蚁，该抬头看看这个世界了
外媒网陷入中式困境 
RT :  My point is you're discounting too much the unmet desire for political engagement—a desire which of course is f…
RT :  Freer dissemination of news disintermediates Marxist-Leninist propaganda apparatus. Party set on re-seizing commanding h…
RT : This morning I finally managed to get hold of a VPN to break through the cyber barriers for Twitter here in Iran! That's wha…
王功权微博帐号被删除 
据悉，上月中国断网事件可能是GFW污染自由微博镜像的后台引起，因为后台地址自动更换，导致GFW的DNS污染系统过载。 现在GFW已经停止自动污染自由微博镜像后台了。
[Trivia] U.S. National Park Service has been intentionally blocked in China for years.  Why?
RT : Trouble building your own censored Internet? China can help.  Like the Ghostbusters of online freedom 
RT : The Times said in a statement that Mr. Ramzy had relocated outside of China.... Uhhh Taiwan? 
"Chinese authorities have focused on instilling fear in some of the people who made Weibo special." 
FreeWeibo nominated for Digital Activism Award 
GFW没有DNS污染ICIJ。 GFW使用关键词封锁了13个媒体，却没有DNS污染原爆料者ICIJ。机密文件披露中国精英的海外资产   难道是断网事故以后GFW慎用DNS污染了？
RT : BTW:  is still blocked in China – 
     again, unnecessary escalation and recipe for Cold War.
    this really sends the wrong message Scott - it will just escalate then
    no more whining! Unblock every blocked media site, all at the same time then gauge reaction
White House urges China to unblock U.S. media websites 
RT : 墙内全面封杀，迫使我改变方式，今后时政漫画只在墙外发布。目前就用这个微博账号了：@辣椒他二舅  只有一个请求，希望大家关注即可，不必推转时点破身份，以免再次失踪。吐槽春晚，即将到来的日本访问感受，都会及时和大家分享，有在东京或京都的朋友，希望有…
WeChat / Weixin is neither a censorship-free nor a surveillance-free platform  via 
 we have a few blog posts on that subject 
  Would major media cos. choose unfettered online access to Chinese netizens but no journos on ground - or contrary?
@变态辣椒 被删号。 微博存档 
法学院五学者：为什么我们认为他无罪   墙内镜像
 how about unblock the nytimes and every other blocked media web site and see what the reaction is? Don't want to play the visa game
RT : TIANANMEN INITIATIVE PROJECT: We will not forget June 4th | Sign the White House Petition 纪念"六四" 25周年倡议 - Home http://t.co/71…
 that would just play right into the hands of Chinese officials who would point at this action and claim their stance justified
If we win, we'll show - not sure about that Snowden guy.  voting ends soon for 2014 Digital Activism award
新京报影射习做皇帝，相关人员遭调查 
RT : Moved, mostly 
RT : Dabr unblocked by GFW but Twitter main site still blocked, tested in Unicom and Telecom networks @greatfirechina
RT : 这位推友  注册推特快3年了还是0粉丝，看得出很努力，看来外国微博的“上甘岭”太TM难占领了 
RT : 在国际调查记者同盟发布“机密文件披露中国精英的海外资产”后，中国大量封锁外媒网站。 以下网站都是因为转发此新闻被封锁。  
Xu Zhiyong Sentenced to 4 Years Imprisonment - A Chronicle of Recent Related Censorship 
China blocks 12 media including the Guardian about offshore leaks for revenge than for information control. 
[快讯]中国因离岸金融解密报道封锁包括卫报在内的12家外媒。我们分析此封锁是报复性行为， 并不只是控制信息传播。 
Watch this &gt;&gt; Did China Cause Its Own Massive Internet Outage?  feat 
RT : China blokkeert website Trouw  /via 
front page, NYT RT : Great Firewall likely at fault in web crash “: 今天的印刷纽约时报，亮点自寻 ”
RT :  we're still getting some traffic from China as the android and iOS apps still appear to work.
RT : “中国秘密离岸避税港” （中国领导层亲属持有离岸秘密资产）墙内可浏览版：  ，胆小的就不要看了，听说要“落地追查”。
.  a heavy-handed/incendiary/unnecessary description. NSA has singlehandedly caused more damage than today's GFW.
RT : #Trouw afgeblokt op Chinees internet na publicatie #Chinaleaks - toeval? Nee: want alle deelnemende kranten onbereikbaar
. 10 days!  MT : Encryption Will Help #Google Penetrate #China  #WEF14
RT : A timeline of China's internet outage - what happened and when with @corytv 
.    tks 4 name checking us but circumvention tools NOT widely used in China: censorship severe
. this deleted weibo shows individuals starting to unblock sites, too - amazing development 
. not true - the Chinese report can be accessed via this link  entire database hopefully coming soon
  a detailed and lengthy description can be found here:  short here: 
RT : Coupures d'Internet en #Chine après les révélations sur l'argent des « princes rouges »  #OffshoreLeaks
RT : Los bancos occidentales contratan a hijos de la aristocracia roja para llegar al mercado financiero chino http://t.co/MNyQBx4Y…
This unblockable link details, in Chinese, how China's leadership and elite hide their wealth 
Snowden describing "quantified state where the least of actions are measured for propriety." 
No, the Chinese internet did not somehow get re-routed to a small house in Wyoming  via 
China censored the Internet so hard it broke for half a billion users  via 
 thanks Carl and thanks for your ongoing support
RT : Heute ist also ein roter Tag für NDR.de in China: 
RT : #XuZhiyong not given publicity #BoXilai had during his trial for fear of spreading justice &amp; rule of law ideas that he&amp;his col…
RT : See censored Chinese microblog posts on Xu Zhiyong at  (#XuZhiyong, #FreeXuZhiyong, , #China): https://t.c…
Xu Zhiyong closing remarks: "I am a citizen, we are citizens." 
 can you email me on charlie.smith@greatfire.org
 how do they know this? "If this DNS hijacking engine blacklists a blank string, all domains will be hijacked." 
 and now many media outlets (incl. Euro) reporting on Chinese offshore wealth have been blocked 
 the list of blocked web sites in China awaits you
 sorry found it! 
 lots of stuff on your home page - can you send me link to ungated version or email to me charlie.smith@greatfire.org
 and where is their take on offshore wealth and #Chinaleaks
 still blocked in China: 
 you are still blocked in China: 
RT : . Seit der Nacht werden wir in China zensiert:  #chinaleaks — Wert war immer 0
Chinese netizen creates unblockable  link:  请私传，一人传5个。中国离岸金融解密（S3镜像版） 。 
RT : Our site is blocked in mainland China but here's a PDF of #chinaleaks in Mandarin  Feel free to downl…
  goes well with this unblockable link to the report in Chinese, freely available in China: 
 corrected the story to note FT was on it in English and Chinese. Maybe other news outlets post about it today.
 had to update our story as FT has posted about the offshore story in English and Chinese
Dynamic Tech Prez Bill Xia says we didn't hack China  blames George Clooney
Unblockable link to the  report in Chinese about the wealth of China's elite 
pls RT
CNN crew roughed up in China  #cnn
华尔街日报，路透社，南华早报中文版都怂了，不敢报道离岸金融。只有纽约时报敢报道。离岸金融报道镜像  免翻墙
中国大量封锁外媒外语网站-Solidot 
中国在”精英的海外资产“报道后大量封锁外媒网站. 外媒中文网站进行自我审查。 
Massive blocking of foreign media in China. Chinese portal of foreign media practice self-censorship.  
The Guardian blocked in China. This time, we know what article is responsible.  
French and German newspaper blocked after posting article in Chinese  
Leaked Records Reveal Offshore Holdings of China’s Elite 
Famous French newspaper blocked for posting "Leaked Records Reveal Offshore Holdings of China’s Elite"  
RT : Next in #chinaleaks: how China’s scandal-torn oil industry embraces tax havens 
RT : Tried from 3 locations in Shanghai and for now  is blocked
 one of those boxes has been checked already
For breaking news about online censorship in China - get our newsletter in Chinese  and English 
Chinese Web Outage Blamed on Censorship Glitch  but it doesn't add up - maybe it will in the morning
RT : Quartz, the digitally native news outlet, tries to get blocked in China.  MT 
  never tire of directing folks to our post about those bogus stats. Pity the clients. 
. actually about to send note saying maybe it is a hack - it's not clear what happened and story does not make sense from many angles
It appears that  and  are now blocked in China.  and  fyi 
RT : 瑞银、瑞信集团曾帮助中国精英在避税天堂成立离岸公司 #中国离岸金融解密 
Govt still claim they were hacked but heads likely rolling MT : Chinese experts demand more DNS protection 
Internet outage in China on Jan 21. Technical analysis on what caused the outage 
. prob now safe to say earlier block of  a prelim. test - likely means they knew you had ICIJ story in works
Our take on China's internet outage coming shortly on our blog - we'll share surprising insights but can now safely say that GFW to blame.
http://65.49.2.178 现在是动态网首页。 还没完全被封 
发在知乎的回答被和谐，只能发在这了，无责任分析一下1月21日网络大规模故障的事故原因 
Test of the system? Hackers? Or something else? Not clear on what has caused China internet outage. 
. says freedom of expression deteriorated in China in 2013 after govt effort to rein in micro-blogging: 
RT : Veteran China reporter Austin Ramzy will be forced to leave China at the end of the month because foreign ministry won…
RT : 北京市第一中级人民法院所在的八宝山地铁站。“强烈要求无罪释放许志永”。#freeXuzhiyong   
Correct link for the  digital activism nominees,  included: 
请大家为自由微博投票 
RT : Neat, wide-ranging interview abt online censorship in China I did w/   TY +@Vice crew…
200 activists have been formally arrested since April 2013 in China’s clampdown on dissidents 
RT : #indexawards2014 Digital nominees:  is an uncensored version of China's biggest social network, SinaWeibo ht…
Wow &amp; humbled.  nominated alongside Edward Snowden for  Freedom of Expression award 
关于COS国产移动系统，请阅读以往的“中国自主产权”的汉芯 
中国建造第二艘航母消息在微博被大量审查。 
News about the construction of the 2nd aircraft carrier censored on weibo 
Official police weibo publishes pro-gay images 
[微博VPN上线] 开业酬宾。 100元／年  自由微博提供。
"中移动：除夕刷微博免流量费"  微博大量被屏蔽。哪里敏感了？ 
RT : Ugh. No Cui Jian at this yr's Spring Gala cos "we can't change lyrics".  
“You will be detained if you demand baozi”  via 
RT : One year without Aaron. Impossible not to notice. Awful.
