很难过很内疚，我们总以为很多事可以等，眼前总有很多所谓重要的事，可转身发现，其实时间才是最重要，很多人是等不起。Youngki，希望你在天堂快乐！
Can you stop talking with everyone and do your work,officer? My appointment has past 10 mins!----at the consulate of Spain New York
There are two kinds of pain.One kind will make you weak. The other will make you strong. --- "House of card"
 
wow,congrats!!!Mathieu!!!Hope you can have great time there! Kyoto is a beautiful city!
I haven't touched Linear Algebra for ten years. After reviewing the whole book and finish the homework this morning. I feel smart again!
People always said marriage is a big commitment. Compared to have a baby, the commitment of marriage is nothing.
After so many crazy gunmen abused guns and killed so  many innocent people, why gun is still legal in US? Is everything all about profit?
Should I go to MIT-ZLOG program or just look for a job?
The God helps people who help themselves .
Go Spain!Alonso,you are the MAN in this match.Kick holland's ass.
一定不能在同一地方犯两次错！！！一定要勤学苦练，别无它法！！！
American are so angry all the time .What's the point to toot your horn when you are in a traffic jam already.
Don't wast your time doing stupid things.Find your passion!
http://yfrog.com/3mr6xfj
Washington DC,there is a fire,almost closed to gas station.
Google declare leaving China market. China union,China mobile,Tom etc will stop using google search from now on.
Buy a pretty case for my Mac pro
Because I will leave Japan soon, anybody wants piano and single wood bed. Pls contact me and come to my house, take for free, Atsugi,Japan
U.S. Wholesale Inventories, Sales Fell in December
Atsugi is snowing, the first snowing in 2010
Chinese government killed the British drug dealer
Avatar is awesome!!!
awesome！！！http://att.newsmth.net/att.php?p.382.304714.411.jpg
 sounds complicated and boring..
@reallybignumber good to see you here..^^
Japan,please release Avatar earlier......
http://www.catsthatlooklikehitler.com/cgi-bin/seigboardbest.pl?289:1
The cat does look like Hilter.haha
日本是典型的笑贫不笑娼的社会
 haha
Iglorious basterds,if you are serious to watch it,either you got angry,or feel strange.It's just for entertainment .
Google wave invitation needs to pay?!It's just business,or google begins to be arrogance.
I am not happy
  doushite Boris?
prepare dinner
Yes,Mac!
 do you need work so hard,brother?
Kaifu Li will resign from google China.
I am joInIng the prevous presIdent fununal In seoul
I just bought  a cool onsen tamago  machIne!
Iphone awesome!bb
Shinjuku incident---A good movie
K-20
日本好山好水好寂寞
国内真脏真乱真开心
my life feels like shit
Looking for HP service center in Japan
go to cafe ,study
the new release iphone is even cheaper,I am wandering why China didn`t sell iphone..Mac pro is so tempting
又到了每年的黑色七月，全国高校生上刑场的时候，默然回首，高考真得那么重要吗？在挑战人的记忆和能力的时候，每一分钟的学习和记忆都很重要。相比现在，我觉得自己已经到了幸福的海洋。可是为什么还是不开心？因为太闲了，也许有时候忙一点会快乐一点。
Doing research feels like passing a river with touching stones
千万不能无病呻吟，每天一定要充实，开心，健康，向上。
I began to like studying Japanese in cafe
VC+collagen
Coraline
if you never learn,you never know
rapture
google wave?!
wandering what's point of staying in Japan
@achabotl you are better then that alex,hehehe
making onigiri for rumi's party
tonight,we dine in hell
make icecream by myself
listening Qing danasty history
 天将降大任于斯人也，必先苦其心智，劳其胫骨，饿其体肤，空乏其身，行弗乱其所为，所以动心忍性，增亦其所不能。（孟子）
 yeah,that's why it's popular..I feel most of restaurants in Japan are 超 Japanese.:D
 何！
 This video is too horny and has sexical descrimination..:D
 already!?
 poor kid..hold on..you will have everything soon..chrums
 are you crazy,my brother,your brain may be bigger than mine..
Japanese company is so secious about Swine flu..I got a box of mask for free..they even don't have any cases..
just finish eating hinabe,小肥羊 is so delicious..
Eating a bread which has green and white moldy on it,so what will happen?Any scientist people can answer it???
Hon-Atsugi is raining.I ordered pizza to eat at home.
 enough hanami for me..
 my grandma was dead some months ago..Recently,everybody's grandma is dead...:/
 great,brother..good luck
pollinosis，suffering from the Japanese cherry blossom
