We owe the life we have made to one another. So to every single one of you, thank you. #每日一禪 
Geeking out on the latest 
These 100 year-old BFFs are too cute. Happy V-day y'all! 
Finally unfollowed Aware Singapore's FB. I'm all for women's rights but enough of the pettiness already la. Sian 1/2.
情人節別忘了自己最好的情人，也就是自己，記得跟自己的心靈多對對話，多讀多看多留意身邊的人事物，充實一下自己，即使今天只做一件事。懂得愛自己的人才有能力愛別人，一起繼續努力吧！=] 
I know who I am but cleavage arrests my attention nevertheless.
Surprised a simple HPB FAQ could unleash so much malice. To them, "Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do." (Luke 23:34) #每日一禪
Stumbled into a time machine. Who could forget The Teenage Textbook and its movie?  
Thought-provoking prelude to the book, "What Money Can't Buy: The Moral Limits of Markets" by Michael J. Sandel

"As guilty as a dog." This should make it into our official book of similes.  
可以聊得來的人可貴，但可以一起沈默又感到舒服的人更難得。＃每日一禪
Thank you, , for showing me that Christianity inspires love, the way I've always thought it should. You go! 
做 guard duty 跟年輕迪迪聊天會不小心，一廂情願地分享一些“人生大道理”，展露連自己都覺得討厭的老男人行徑。真的，外表可以凍齡，但累計的智慧不得不滿出來... 哈哈！
"Reimagined" is just another word for unoriginality.
終於可以確定，口味偏向豪邁奔放的女生，細心靦腆的男生。
大叔讀報就是容易哭，怎樣。 
打從去年生日就一直自我心理建設，先幫自己打預防針，催眠自己，”升級了，是大叔了，是大叔了”，可是小朋友依然哥哥哥哥地叫，聽了有點怪但要請他們改口好像又拉不下臉皮。哈，就這樣自然地臭老去吧～ 總有一天大家會察覺的。*Cue* 《陀飛輪》
I can accept the 10-min walk but not the "scenic and convenient stroll" PR BS, kthxbai. 
When a kid replays that silly minions banana song for the Nth time, suddenly it's not that cute anymore.
不懂是不是年紀的關係，越來越覺得有機會跟久別不見的親戚相處感覺還不錯，雖然小孩有時很吵，長輩重複問一些很煩的問題，又或者偶爾沒話說各自玩手機，可是畢竟從小拜訪到大，有一種說不出來的感覺，有點陌生又好像還留著童年記憶的餘溫。反正就是覺得這份緣不趁現在珍惜以後就來不及了。
Being selfish is human. But the key is in seeing others as part of ourselves which unveils our true but hidden nature. #HumanNature #每日一禪
Every attractive half-nude selfie goes a long way towards building a substantial spank bank. So keep 'em coming. #DoubleStandardsApply
$50 or 50% off, ? Make up your mind leh. 
Brace yourselves. The corny CNY ads are coming. And I mean in-your-face coming without handing you tissues after.
So much vitriol online. So reactive. It may seem hard to accept, but it's the people who hurt us most that need our empathy most. #每日一禪
There are those who need to be hugged after the fuck—they are the needy ones. Watch out.
最近被《進擊的巨人》搞得很非常熱血，也對，人可以變老，但心還是得保持一定的溫度，雖然現在有點過度沸騰，好想捍衛心愛的人為他去死，哈哈！反正就是很贊很贊就對了。 
一般人講的話有兩種比較能信，一是在你面前說的壞話，二是在你背後說的好話。其他的當作場面話聽聽就算了吧。
Someone says something stupid. The Internet reacts. He apologises. What's next? He becomes an ambassador, writes a book, and gets rich? Tsk.
You dare, you try this on our gahmen la. 
If something on the Internet bothers you, don't share it.
Au Yong's such a bitch and I love it. 
“如果你愛我你會…” 喜歡講這句話的人多數愛自己多過愛對方。#每日一禪
Didn't learn this in school but if you've ever wondered about the Constitution of SG like me, here's a great guide: 
 *曲折 (paiseh, can't help but) =p
The trouble with bureaucracy. #dilbert 
Never thought I'd ever say this to anyone this hot but Mike Chang, PLEASE LEAVE ME ALONE. #enoughisenough #sixpackshortcuts #overexposed2013
Life as a thirtysomething—a Royals parody. Only those with grey pubic hair may lament. 
An eDM that's actually useful.  
Yes, Bible made the list, you literalists. "9 Little Translation Mistakes That Caused Big Problems" 
64 y/o watching Doraemon in Japanese to learn the language. Mom's too cute la.
May every Thai be safe tomorrow.
Wah biang eh, this kidnapping case—the plot keeps thickening! Singapore's very own Sonny and Clyde. 
So. Heather Chua MAY be a 22 y/o man. I hope it's him. *cross fingers*
D'oh my gawd. So need to buy these: 
Another nice one about Moms. Only not as freaky as the Old Spice ones. 
Greater tolerance. More critical thinking. And... and world peace. #WhatOurWorldNeeds
The #WWFTogether app from  is amazing. Brilliant score btw. Pandas #ftw! 
Love love it when moms get their freak on. 
老公公然幫老婆拔鼻毛，這是我有生以來目睹過最夠力的 PDA， 雖然有點噁心但這對中年夫婦也太有愛了吧。
2014's gonna rock. I just know it. 
Was spring cleaning and uncovered some old certificates. Funny how all these mean so little to me now that the chase is over.
Funan is a dangerous place to be in when you've got a tech erection.
#SMRT, you better buck up. 
有一種寂寞，愛上自己以後才會消除。#每日一禪
All this subscription shit is turning me into a commitment-phobe. And I love commitments!
Oh, c'mon! If you're not gonna have a sense of humour during the holidays, you're never gonna laugh in 2014. 
Huddling up to an audiobook and making up for 30 years of never having anyone read me a bedtime story. #audible 
 Hey, at least you didn't say, "for fuck?" Cuz you just might get it. =p
Love is the true face of Christianity. Gotta love Pope Francis. 
Not the Grinch but a certain avocado jingle really annoys me. Am even willing to consider Spotify Premium.
It's funny because she's a PR director and she said this? 
This is for you if #firstworldproblems is your favourite hashtag. 
So I found out:  won't turn me into a callous, snarky, cold-hearted bitch. Ok. A MORE callous, snarky, cold-hearted bitch.
Too much writing about women for women. Need to porn myself back to normal. *grunt*
現在只要同偕白首，可是我相信愛總有一天會昇華，只要你好就好，什麼都不要最好。#每日一禪
初次認識龍應台，很上癮耶。 
“你愛我嗎？有多愛？會愛多久？” 越是說不准的東西，我們好像越是想知道答案，直到要失去的時候才發現自己竟然可以為了繼續在一起而什麼都不聞，什麼都不問。#每日一禪
The bottle promised "long-lasting", "super hard" effects. But I still couldn't make it stand. =[ #hair #nottalkingdirty
High on Gaga and caffeine. High fives, everybody. Put your hands up, make 'em t-ouch t-ouch. =]]]
吸進去的是熱湯麵，呼出來的竟然是幸福。#每日一禪
Can't believe I nearly missed this—Eason Chan's canto release for 2013, "The Key". 5 months late but I'm loving it. 
原來《離島》也是林一峰的作品，現在我才發現（難怪我會喜歡）！今天就一整天聽他的歌吧。
Something reminded me of the joy of touching a mimosa plant. Hope I see some this week. =]
So in some circles, Malaysian girls are known as "jiu hu chai". Amused mildly, I am. #overheard #ahbeng #limpeh #lingo #californiafreakness
Telemarketers can reach me no longer after 60 days. 
In the mood for some good ol' Tom Hanks-Meg Ryan romcom.
Xammies over. Off to destroy myself at the gym now. DEEEZSTROIY MAHSELF RAAHAH ROMAH ROMAMAH.
Perhaps we need a new NGO—AAAGTF. Action Against Activists Going Too Far. #AWARESg #PETA #SimilarNGOsMayApply
So the word for it is #humblebrag. Another one waiting to be coined could be #PhiloSelfie, for all you pretentious narcissists out there.
Do what you want. Aura. Swine. Donetella. I've changed my mind about #ARTPOP.
"Used to be—past tense. We have a past and now it's tense." #TheCrazyOnes
Online episodes of Ally Mcbeal found: . Feels like 1999 all over again and I can't stop watching.
Helvetica is so yesterday. Not HELVETICAT. 
發現一般新加坡人對“萬”的概念較弱，例如$10，000大多會以英文邏輯說成“十千”，可是中文正確的說法應該是“一萬”。我也是因為最近常翻譯數字，所以有所體會。#cti #unisim
剛讀完《笑傲江湖》漫畫全套，感觸不少。喜歡令狐沖的真性情，任盈盈的聰明，日月神教的重情義，厭惡左冷禪的橫行霸道，岳不群的不擇手段，五嶽劍派死板的正邪觀念。還有... 還有原來東方不敗那個基佬的菜不是花美男，而是肌肉型的彪形大漢！哈哈！（雖然我個人還是比較喜歡張無忌靦腆型的）。
Like why would anyone say this? #fail 
Honesty without sensitivity is like getting down without lubing up, i.e., some may love it but most won't. #每日一禪
I won't ask for much. Except that the school's PA system breaks down completely. #WoesOfLivingNextToAPrimarySchool #Dazhong
記不起到底吃藥了沒。#初老症狀
2 listens. #ARTPOP still isn't reason enough to return to the podiums. Perhaps, for #Applause, I may. But just make us dance already.
雨天容易多愁善感：
Wasp nest volleyball isn't for me:  (Can't. Stop. Playing.) 
I should not have poked this bear:  (Cutest. Game. Ever.) 
因為沒有，什麼都敢。因為有，什麼都不敢。在有與沒有之間，需要聰明。在敢與不敢之間，需要智慧。#每日一禪
Some teachers expose your shortcomings. Others inspire by revealing your potential. Exceptional ones do both, as Ms. Hakan has. #cti #unisim
 Who made you angry again wor?
面對腳底按摩師傅，我絕對是大抖M，越痛越kimochi。感覺她手藝不錯，以後可以多來找她。
OS X Mavericks updated. iWork now free but Office:mac is way better. Keynote's the exception. Pages and Numbers are just sexy without soul.
One selfie too many. Unfollowed.
Happy to see sensei today. It's been awhile. Really enjoyed the last 15 mins where it's just white belts against one another. #aikido
Yesterday, I was angry with you. But today, I thank you for showing me the side of myself I do not wish to be. Everyone is my teacher. #每日一禪
“一即一切”紋右手， “一切即一”紋左手，再斟酌一下，年底進行吧！#tattoo #每日一禪
真正在乎一個人不是解決對方所有的問題，因為問題會隨著煩惱與否而生，不但沒完沒了，久了反而容易厭惡對方。應該把挫折視作對方成長的一個大好機會，而當他向你抱怨種種委屈的時候不離不棄。如果他把握好機會，智慧便增長，如果錯過了，自己也晉級為一個更會細心聆聽的情人，不是對雙方都很好嗎？=]
"I forgot" sounds apathetic whereas "slipped my mind" sounds like a cartoon character rushing, stepping on a banana peel, and slipping. =p
The attack is dissolved when the opponent's balance is broken. #aikido #每日一禪
RT : Morning meditation: Some people like to watch the breath at the nostrils — cool on the in breath, warm on the out breath.
I hold the gun. But you pull the trigger. No bang without you.
 Lol. Wipe your karma clean with toilet paper then.
 Haha. You are right in a sense. Your food baby so poor thing. Kena aborted every day. =p
Many things which we think are from us merely flow through us, and from where they are borrowed, they must one day be returned. #每日一禪
Overheard: "You know what I bought yesterday?! A big blue mat with 3 cats. 3. Different. Cats." Beware, lest you end up like her.
There are no contests in the Art of Peace. A true warrior is invincible because he or she contests with nothing.
– Morihei Ueshiba #每日一禪
Feeling kinda down today. Didn't execute the moves well during training. Gotta work harder for Thursday's session. #aikido #shinjukai
最近重新迷上《笑傲江湖》，彷彿回到中學時期...
I'm rolling more naturally now. Yay. #aikido #shinjukai
Hello, pastors making the news for all the wrong reasons. God just called. He/she said, "STOP GIVING ME A BAD NAME."
Trained with female partners today. Was so shy with them though it felt nice to be "subdued" by them. Strong yet gentle.  #Aikido #Shinjukai
人有三衰六旺，月有陰晴圓缺，不會一直"輸"，也不會一直"贏"，因為本來就沒有所謂的"輸贏"，一切都只是運勢的轉變，真理最粗糙的表面。不了解的人總覺得自己"輸"得更多，而了解的人就覺得"贏"得更多。#每日一禪
More newbies today. We practised the forward and backward rolls today. Imagined ourselves as chunins, and me as Rock Lee. #aikido #shinjukai
假如我是離枝樹葉，請讓我落在你腳下。#每日一禪
Aunty's tote bag unabashedly reads, "I love shoes, bags, and boys." Boys? *shudder*
1st #aikido training, love it! "The harder you get, the more brittle you become." Heart matters. #每日一禪 #shinjukai 
Felt so uncomfortable in one of those "girly girly" shops. Lady was recommending "butch" hair bands to me but all I wanted was... &gt;.&lt;"
"Be yourself" can be the best or worst advice, depending on who you think you are. #每日一禪
From stone to wood, from wood to water, from water to air, from air to vacuum. This shall be my way. #每日一禪
年輕氣盛的我，人家隨便一句的稱讚就能輕易把自己捧上天，體現一顆驕傲的心。現在的我漸漸從別人的好話中聽出婉轉與鼓勵，其實自己沒有什麼了不起的，別人肯以較柔軟方式回答，我們也要把自己縮小一點，讓自己的世界變得更寬廣，心的容量 upsize。 心境在轉變中。 #每日一禪
原來有德性的人，他給你一杯水那麼簡單的動作，你也會被感動。我也想要成為那樣子。*發願*  #每日一禪
I thought you left. Why are you back to tempt meee...???!!! #SamuraiBurger
It's more about the fight in a man than the man in a fight. #每日一禪
A dream is not big enough if it makes no room for failure. #每日一禪
Finally found something to match my Cotton Ons. #iPhone5C
Be warned. #Friday13 coming right at you.
認識你第15天，漸漸發覺找GF就要找像你這樣的，身材好技術佳。即使整個 Galaxy 已擺在眼前，我依然對你更感興趣。真愛嗎，還是只是短暫的煙火？在我想清楚之前，請讓我在 promotion 還沒結束的季節繼續偷窺你，愛你。#Panasonic #Lumix #Samsung
Get away from your baby photos, you sick, sick, narcissistic paedophile.
Mr Desmond Kon from NP, Ms Rosa Lau from SJI, Mrs Yaacob from SAPS, and Teacher Lydia from CC Kindergarten, I still remember you. HT'sD! =]
躲在牛車水舊舊的CD店聽老老的廣東歌，有許冠杰、哥哥、 Beyond，特別有 fu。
  "Again" is the right word. Slut!
 fast worker leh you
 so fast, you?
這年頭還看什麼恐怖片？看新聞就好啦，不只人比鬼可怕，還事事屬實，要多血腥有多血腥，要多變態有多變態。更刺激的是，你我都可能成為日後頭條！人心醬險惡，鬼都怕我們咯。
RT :  18 products you've been using wrong.
 I see. Boo to MDA. Gotta wait for the DVD release then.
A birthday's reason enough to buy myself a new toy, right? More so if it's for the big 3-0 right? RIGHT? Tahan until Comex... #Gian #Lumix
 We'll find out (or not) after watching it. But I guess it's directed more at parents than children in fact.
Bless what you love, for it affirms who you are. Bless what you hate, for it lets you become bigger than who you think you are. #每日一禪
Finally found time to catch up on PM Lee's National Day Rally speech.
Espresso gets me all hyper and unable to concentrate. Argh.
無聊想想，如果 Instagram 七月供品，會不會招來不乾淨的 followers？
Thanks ah, Google Translate. 
Why does LHL love pink so, and will we ever live to see him at Pink Dot?
Ok lah. BYK looks quite charming. 
Hey, I know it's Daft Punk, but can Get Lucky be more overplayed?
America has totally, utterly, and absolutely unleashed my inner shopaholic. I realise it's ok to be a brand whore if the price is right.
There is a difference between innocence and naivete. The former is a lack of knowledge, while the latter is a lack of responsibility. #每日一禪
Hongkies usually give themselves away when speaking English.
Tonight's news translation class is making us calculate time difference. Hello, fate! Wanna make me feel stupid twice hor. Tsk.
Calculating time difference exposes the math idiot I am.
A sensitive salesperson would ask if I'm buying the vegetarian multivitamins for myself, before following up with a fish oil recommendation.
 I'm already home. Who, who? =p
Changing USD pains me: more than 300 SGD lost in exchange.
可惜真實生活不能只靠某種角度在過，小心被騙啊！  via @sharethis
“隨緣消前愆，莫再造新冤，更要結善緣。”#每日一禪
Perhaps God isn't someone who 'rewards' or 'punishes', merely revealed when we get what we sow, with only ourselves to blame or thank. #每日一禪
Nature trends towards diversity, not uniformity. #每日一禪
After (finally) taking one step forward, and about five steps back, I really can't bring myself to care about this shit anymore.
"When companies say it can't be done, what they really mean is that it can't be done and still maintain the same profit margins."—M. Jenkins
Love the new X-men poster 
Pardon my cat voice. 
Catch the infamous Ah Toot in action. 
Is doing something right for the wrong reason worse than doing nothing at all, morally speaking? #每日一禪
Pretty sure my face was dripping with contempt.
If we consider our beliefs seriously, we will realise how shockingly little of what we believe is truly original. Think for yourself. #每日一禪
因果論有這句：“欲知前世因，今生受者是，欲知來世果，今生作者是，”讓人受益不淺。#每日一禪
This song has been on my mind all week. #Throwbackthursday is just an excuse to share the story of girl who... 
Finally received the vouchers with the new credit card. But ALL the vouchers require a minimum spend of $X. BLOODY HELL. SIAN MAX LAH.
How will moral reasoning lead us to "the answer" when the greatest thing in life, love, for self and one another, is beyond reason? #每日一禪
We call them possessions. But honestly, who possesses whom? #每日一禪
睡午覺，小孩的特權，大人的奢侈品啊！*剛睡飽，又想找東西塞牙縫了*
Can't help being a 'J'. As in INFJ. &gt;.&lt;"
Woah. Google's damn sharp. The instant VPN kicks in, I'm immediately notified of "suspicious activity" from Los Angeles.
Still words on the page move me. While the moving images on the slate keep you still. #每日一禪
"Do not work for awards. Do it honestly," said Yasmin Ahmad. And I believe with all my heart that she's right.
 I've got no opinion as long as they're honest and humble about their backing. =]
Talent without humility earns no respect from me.
Creative work is soul work. #每日一禪
懂得適時把一些話當作耳邊風，也是一種智慧。不然把愛囉嗦的人的話全部聽進去，可能會瘋掉... #每日一禪
Adult to little girl: "Quick, call Uncle Danny." Little girl to me: "Danny Kor Kor!" Me to myself: =]]]
Quiet, contemplative, productive Friday. A perfect way to end the working week.
Compared to those who are quick to answer, I tend to trust more, those who make me question.
"Itinery", a common mispronunciation that still bothers me (slightly). 
Haven't been able to look at Jake (the dog) right, after someone said his face looks like Mickey Mouse bending over. 
Hell is not some place bad people go, but in every moment you refuse to let go of something that makes you miserable. #每日一禪
The most beautiful thing about the worlds Joe Hisaishi creates, is that I think he means it, and I believe him. 
The Internet can be scary, in the sense that once I've surfed a certain site, related ads creep up almost everywhere else, like a stalker.
Strangely, lines come mostly to me in the men's shower. And I don't mean those of the pick-up variety. #ThisCopywritingLife
If we're coming to work despite the haze, the N95s should at least be provided for free, no? You make me pay, I claim back from you. MC ah.
finished Running with Scissors: A Memoir by Augusten Burroughs 
So wrong I know, but am seriously enjoying everyone's haze pictures. So pweety!
There, I've said it, "Smokers have no right to complain about the haze".
