有儲蓄就應該換取孩子的教育，不是整天揮霍
让回忆存留在过去，让动力奔走向未来，让我们过去的回忆变成未来的动力。
偶尔停下急促的脚步，联络身边的好朋友，然后奢侈地让时间飞逝。
 to avoid 'annual' haze from Indonesia
RT : Motor/cyclists need to see this. “: cyclists MUST see this poster. Think twice whenever undertaking. http://t…
FInger, not fingee. My thumb is too big! ==
 maybe currently CHS-IAN can accept this kind of account. *fingee crossed*
Someone created a CHS twitter account and only 30% of the tweet related to CHS. 

Yer.
RT : When Home Minister doesn't take threats to commit criminal acts seriously, mystery is now solved as to why crime rate is hi…
THE forgiveness is priceless. 

Thanks
即使跟好朋友见了很久的面，但总觉得相处在一起的时间太短暂
A day spent with close friends. 
Just..... awesome!
RT : 行動黨秘書長林冠英說，伊黨已同意派該黨雪隆志工團員，保護士布爹國會議員郭素沁。
Stop notification is a very useful function in facebook.
 Joanne 不要
This is not a truth, this is a mistake. Everyone can learn from mistake
 ohmy! Faster use  fire extinguisher!
 不會可憐啊，這是一種很正常的心理現象
 任何話題，沒有任何情緒咯！
 啥啥？
Good weather to swim! 
Trying to achieve my goal! 
學長是荷爾蒙的動物，自然對同性之間的對話不會有太多情緒。
Stucked in the toilet this morning doesn't affect my mood. Just keep calm and figure the solution
Unlock toilet with 2 flathead screwdriver. Congrats Yu Song you've level up!
Asked a question then walk away and expect can heard the answer. #没心在问
Robocop not nice at all. don't waste your money watching it.
RT : Great White Shark and Kayak, South Africa 
Lori terbalik?! Oh no...... 
Praise God for the smooth traffic on the way back to KL
夢到 pn.see 開始教 bio, 就不敢賴床了。。。。
兒童的智力可能有點天生的，但是教育肯定是後天的。不要贏在智力，輸在教育。
Ate 2 bowl of laksa for my dinner.
How can CNY be bored? Chat with everyone else! SOCIAL please!
2 years old cousin who super hydrophilic now can have simple conversation, memorise hp number and recognize new face. Is he a 神童？！
 對，我是對那些tweet 做個總結 xD
The moment when 劉子建 asked me which Taiwan Uni i am studying, i really want to chat with him and ask alot about his uni life in taiwan...
", third choice definitely wrong, so answer should be B or no correct answer. 這叫考試作答技巧. "
 my family watching matrix 1,2 and 3.....
 good boy. XD
 老了老了，很多感慨的話 。。。xD
GOing to penang soon, how's the traffic? Anyone know?
這只狗聽到煙花聲嚇到發抖，抱著它好像抱著按摩椅那樣 
Oh no serious air pollution ...........
Waiting for Mayday concert show!
What happen to my Chinese? Need to watch 狄仁傑 again
新年其中一个心愿就是不要有空气污染
Johor 的电视天线都会特别长，为了要收到新加坡的电台 
CNY song playing! Awesome....... ==
Praise God for the very smooth traffic
Drinking sugar-free coffee, oh well
Took 2 packs of sugar for my coffee, end up gave it to mom and bro's Teh. i don't know teh also need to add sugar....
Good, we looking forward to": 安華說，他會在農曆新年後，首先向加影選民解釋這場補選的前因後果。"
PKR owe people an explanation. 把老鼠屎揪出來!
 now change back to RM la!! Then banyak water liao!
Why you always late?
Relax, just a dream
新年漲價？ 剪個頭髮 23塊，又沒有很好看。看來這是我最後一次去那邊剪頭髮了。
 briefly. Not so specific, if not my friends could die in memorizing those terms.
 still outside! :( when i reach home o whatsapp u xD
Eh i register fun run this game already. add me woi!! Hawyusong
 lucky enough! Phew
 i dont have her phone la ofcourse!! Happy new year for me yay!!!
 ohmy!!!! What she said???
 NO BANANA!!!
Kenape semua youth hilang?! Mana lu?? 
還差銀魚炒飯和殺爹! 就可以回台灣了 
Although the exam is easy, but I am satisfied because I put in a lot of effort!
Thank God for the good result. YEA!
Swimming now anyone?
Wah my house got 45 floor. MIB office is it? 
She asked the same question again....... repeatedly
She used 5 different type of sentence to ask the same question.....
RT : Abraham Lincoln said this, "it often requires more courage to dare to do right than to fear to do wrong"
  she admire me so she put my pictures! I will ask her control abit
 can. Book with my secretary 01137636502
 see you tmr at pjsy!
Chili pan mee lebih pedas sekarang. Or i can't tahan pedas anymore? :O
NKVE jam! Welcome home boy
I still can drive safely. Unfortunately not as smooth as before, better don't speed.
My friend informed me he will be late. This is a very good practice for all of us. Sometimes we can't avoid jam, but we can respect friends.
This temperature is un接受able
  Congrats aunty suan! :D
 going to Night market soon! :)
 today?! Born already?
Nice, this is how you welcome me. == i didnt brought my umbrella 
 dont envy first,i havent take pictures :P
Depart to Taipei soon!! Excited
Nothing to do sigh...... 
Finally teacher realised her mic no battery...... ohmy.......
  贩剑中。。。。xD
看吧！侨生又迟到了。。。。
RT : Spearfishing 
 在發抖。。。不過多冷幾天就熱回了。。。。
原來現在13度，改天穿短褲拖鞋出門時要檢查溫度和風的強度。
中正大學還有準時的僑生嗎？早上下午都遲了一個小時，現在15分鐘了還沒來。
Please dont play annoying music in badminton court. ==
Great, everyone is late. I doubt they remember
After 1 hour badminton this morning, let's go for another 2 hours now!
 Senior online shopping i guess. They bought few box. Yes, big box.
RT : 打了三个小时球，脚都软 #GoodDay


Please at least make a stand, make a sit or lying down on LDP
Just got 67 for physiology! oh wel, that's too difficult T.T
 because i was too awesome for eveyone :(
Gonna play badminton in the next 14 hours. :)
Why make a friend so difficult?


Cell+ Piano+ JJ Lin sexy voice= beautiful melody
RT : Girls shopping again. Finding chairs. X.X
 yea
In Taiwan or at Taiwan? #ohmygrammar
Eating Indonesia junk food at Taiwan. Hhhmmm 
 扣掉6個小時睡覺，大概把事情分佈在其他的18個小時，沒時間就算了，反正再多的事也只有18個小時去做
這個是公民不服從的老師。他每一次在Facebook post status 都會給自己的學生嗆！哈哈哈哈！ 
終於有幾位深交的朋友。好啦目前只有一位
Stalker. :P ": Use twitter for second day. Not bad. I guess now I am a social network site maniac."
Praise God Japanese exam quite easy. ;)
嘔海唷! 甲噴你四 exam sekarang
RT : Malaysia 
 Yes that surprised me too..... thank you! :D
 NO! mid term got 45 marks, so with some assignment and other small test i got mere pass......
我要感謝我的爸媽 T.T
88 marks for the statistics test just now, PRAISE GOD!!! I PASSED MY STATISTICS!!!!
Sometime we protest about something after it get destroyed or removed. 

Since when you care that much?
  yes that's how you shud say when your friend expose yoir secret
 "exam tmr sorry chat next time" is the best excuse.


Ini sebablah kita tak puji kerajaan.......
 Yes, Feel so good. AMEN
Praise the Lord!!! Puji Allah!!!!!!
Found this badge and decided put on my bag! 
Statistics is not difficult, the challenging one is to defeat the past phobia towards statistics
All izz well all izz well all izz well all izz well all izz well all izz well all izz well all izz well all izz well all izz well..... T_T
 太正了!
 知道，可是考試也很重要。。。所以需要一些 drugs......
怎麼考個統計好像上戰場一樣？
累到一種地步：開了咖啡後直接倒進垃圾筒。。。。 
Finally teacher realised her mic no battery...... ohmy.......
Just now i REM sleep together with real life situation! Whatever i heard it appear in my brain! but wl doesn't study in taiwan! :O
I can fell the awkward moment when 陶淵明 wrote a poem and said that will be the last day he saw the sun but the next morning he still alive...
Why nobody inform teacher that her mic already no battery......
RT : 食物，要么就特别营养；要么就特别美味。一吃之下，两者皆非，饲料也，饲料也。
Got earthquake just now? I can't feel it.....
Decided not to post a stupid comment in my friend's post in the middle of the night. Because she made by hormones.
Do me a favour, look into the mirror and pee.
 unfollow 吧，別委屈了自己的眼睛
有些人總覺得自己很帥然後每天搞自拍。。。。重點是還有很多粉絲一直留言，讓他有 positive reinforcement 所以就自拍上癮了。

重點是，他沒有很帥啊。。。。
RT : tm behaving like tnb in semenyih area, wanna down then down -.-
I just realised psychology test memang very easy because all those involve in biological question didn't come out. Like misuse of drugs
More dopamine please.
First one to hand in calculus test paper and the last one to hand in psychology paper. #becauseiamapsychologystudentthatswhy
RT : LOLLLLL. What do you call a person without a body and a nose? 'NOBODY KNOWS'. WTHHH.
看下，看下，你永遠是奴隸，看下，看下，你站在你墳墓。。。。

看下，看下，別看她的眼睛。看下，看下，你會死在這裡。。。。
Erm..... Written test? So we don't need to write anymore? 
驕傲在跌倒以先，我還是乖乖讀英文好了。。。。
感謝首相納吉在這漫長的5年來不斷地提供笑話娛樂我們。
1Kangkung
Calculus test tomorrow. All izz well.
I feel sleepy after i drink a cup of coffee. Does coffee makes me feel sleepy?
Ironic= ic made by iron. Same with butterfly
Chronic sleep deprivation will interfere with learning yet lots of the student burning midnight oil before exam. #ironic #fb
Almost GG in statistics software test. Can't speak for 30 seconds due to over panicness and excess cortisol in my brain.
This picture is funny!  "
Ohmy, just study few months at oversea don't say until wasabi day(是芥末日)!
Here i am again. Waiting for a friend who most probably will ffk me. 
Never thought of copy the answer from discussion page. But teacher has a good point.
 play 3 hours straight also can. Why? they only play congkak?
Hand itch, wanna play badminton so badly.
Taylor Swift much much much much better than Taylor series.
真希望認識一個跟我一樣熱愛羽球的人。。。。
即使沒有人陪我練球，我也可以自己練！
微積分：你會鼻酸，你會流淚，只要你能聽到我看到我的全部難題。。。。
阿信唱的洋蔥再一次融化我的心
Love is in the calculus text book! ♥♥♥ 
放棄吧微積分！我們之間是不可能的！
RT : The amount of time Msians spend debating about the name of God, if used to pray &amp; seek His face instead, would have turned …
Done! Another 3 chapters to go but I got no time to study! maybe just tembak will do
面對一大堆的人和心理，我只想要專心打球。
泡了兩杯咖啡，準備火拼生理學
 pet a tiger.
Congenital adrenal hyperplasia
Twist hair twist hair twist hair, think think think!
Detached. with no reason
 nope, give too less information so we need to calculate one by one.....
其母之
從來沒有試過做統計做到這麼生氣，助教出題根本就沒有想過要測試同學的什麼能力，最後我覺得我練到的是忍耐力和毅力“顯著”多過他的白痴題目！
又是另外一個讀到3點的一晚，學了很多，很開心。
Wrote traditional chinese word in my Chinese exam! Woah! what a great improvement.
Should train hard for the competition next year.
Its Friday! Finally..... time to study! :)
 公民不服從。紀錄片來的


還是很帥。。。。
My heart sank....... :(": 中国报独家：去年9月被保母虐打至全身伤的关丹1岁男童，心灵创伤至今无法平伏，性格变得焦躁，甚至对黑暗有恐惧。"
 ohhhh!!! I listen to hokkien song first, then ask my friend!
 lol! What job?
 okay u win :(
 lu gong xia mi?
Wah tia boh la! Mai gong tai yu!! 
誰來告訴我這些是什麼？為什麼我睡了5分鐘後醒來一切都變了樣？ 
Brain cannot process Japanese word now, no neuron firing..... i need glutamate!!! Or maybe retalin? O.O
Still very sleepy after i drank a cup of coffee...... with milo
