 醒来啦白痴 xD
  i said i din lie to u cheng xD
 beauty? I'll take that as compliment xD, sweet dream~
 hahaha okay lorr, tmr only chat bah, I'm going to my lovely bed d hahaha, gudnite
 which movie u watching???
RT : My life: Wake up, survive, sleep.
 the 1 in front PD eating point de?
 aww don't be sad, u still can visit them after u came back from PLKN, be happy lar, at least u r out of the jail 
 yup! Haha, u?
 seriously? that should be really boring, I have relative here haha, my hometown was just nearby
I'm here after so long! The place that bring inner peace to me,the place where I learned the wonderful grace of God! 
 sad haha, nvm la still better than me, stucked at PD for 4 days :(
 sunway? So goood, at least u can go shopping with family haha
 welcome , how's ur day?
 yes madame! Hahaha, u looks good in ur new picture
 开个玩笑而已嘛，那么认真干嘛~ 哈哈
 chehhhh~~ haha, gtg d, ttyl~
 true! hahaha
 hahahahaha okie! btw enjoy ur holiday ahhh~ after i go PLKN d dun miss me xD
 以后就会熟了！在他知道我为了他做的事之后
 chill chill! at least i'm not xD
 这叫谦让！总觉得还是友情重要些 xD
 哥我就算了吧，还是过去式好点
 i din say ugly also! hahaha lenglui lorrr xD
 
Going to play basketball alone later, never touched my basketball for so long after SPM
 太猖狂了你 xD
 should enjoy first nia, u wont have the chance to do so after back to camp haha
因为友情而出卖自己感情的滋味不好受啊  T^T
Akon - Lonely:  via @youtube
 naahhh u should eat more
Scrolling through my timeline's photo and found out that the past memories in high school life was juz too awesome to be remembered
  oh yeah xD
 no transport nia, thinking to go with family but they woke up so late ==lll
Haven't eat anything since 9am, my stomach starving~
  
 steady wooo, like this also can
 haha xD
 brush ur teeth and sleep till everyone arrives
 ya lor that's the problem hahaha xD
Yet another day without any plan, anyone free to hang out together?
RT : I wanna be skinny but pizza.
Good morning~ Can't wait to receive ang pau from mom and dad :D
I slept on 11pm yesterday, so here's mine, happy CNY ~ haha, wish u guys to have an awesome year ahead and may God bless u all
 overload d, became sound pollution liao lol
 lol saadd haha
 kat muar jio apa? haha
 goodnight! 
Going to sleep early, good night!
 that's cool, perhaps I should call u piggy next time? Hahaha jkjk
Firecrackers everywhere~
 ya lorr TT
 5.22am and I am wide awake LOL
 hahaha, btw what time u woke up today?
Running man~ &lt;3
 so many leftovers and my stomach gonna burst *urrgghhh
 keep fit keep fit! haha
 having it at house nia, mommy cook de hao liao xD, wan come? Ahah
Can't wait to meet my church members on Friday, going to show them my new hairstyle (*¯︶¯*)
 naahhh juz asking, bored nia haha
 take care~
 mana u? Haha
 haha the most awaited moment to come, home cooked dishes r always the best
 nooooo ~ it feels like kind of weird to pass a day without sweating ╰（￣▽￣）╭
 haha sorry bout that, u not going back hometown? that's disappointing, I'm not going back as well =￣ω￣=
Workout workout! hope I won't gain weight during  these 4 days   
 hehe, so free ah? keep tweeting 
Can't wait for the reunion dinner later, mommy looks so busy and well prepared, eheheheh
 neither me, haha v had to accept the truth though , let's enjoy and face it like a MAN xD
 happy Chinese new year! Enjoy the left 3 days and I shall see u soon! haha
 hehehe nth to do mah, so keep sleeping xD
Just took a nap, feels refreshing
I AM SO FULL NOW...... *uugghhhhhhh
 @@ fine then xD haha
 25 days of efforts wasted TT haha
 failed! Hahahahahaha
 keep 1 for me xD
 sure! haha
 yup! xD
Roasted pig, roasted duck, roasted chicken........ stop alluring me! T^T
An early bird today, bored 
 jiu hao lo, go till when?
Woke up at 5.22am.... uhhhh let me sleep TT
  me too haha
  bo jio?!
starting to feel drowsy, used to sleep at 11pm for the past 25 days :o
 i see, take a good rest then :)
 haha~ u finally reached home?
  this sunday lol
  yeaaahhhhhhh
 I reached home about an hour ago... hehe
I'm gonna be so fat xD
this feeling was juz way too amazing
excited excited excited
 chill! how long it took?
 haven't reach yet? haha
okay i dont even know how to control my keyboard and mouse xD
 urgghh
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BACK
AM
I
RT : 3 more days to go home :D
Should really take a good nap now
Went to Methodist church today, well it's not bad as I thought
What a cold morning, perhaps the nasi lemak will help
 yeah think so, tortured by him so much today
 ish, I heard he went to Charlie's wirawati dorm, really?
What a way to start my day, wahaha
Morning, almost got splash by our bomba pak belang, ughh that was close
 hidup pak belang xD
 sape? u? XD
 welcome! All da best
Let me sleep moreee
 u tak kenal 1 :p xD
 good luck 
Keep calm and countdown, macha
Going back on next Wednesday, oh yeah!
3rd week in PLKN...... okie
Changed my sim to celcom, finally doesn't need to walk around and put my hands up like mad guy
Imma getting so fat
Have been eating fast food all day long, KFC pizza hut, ugghhh
 birthday wooooooo
 so how? Hz
 all ppl went to temple d, I'm the only Christian left lol ==lll
The only Chinese left here 
 ask ur mom make 1 for u this Sunday? Belated birthday celebration!
 chill! I still rmb ur birthday lorr haha
Morning!
 drawing a flag whole day, doesn't sounds cool hahaha
 NO
Botak selfie, not really a good idea hiehiehie
 u la lol I so good won't do it xD
 really? Yes! XD
 told haha
 sure! Enjoy ur holiday xD
 xD take care ah bro
 at koperasi lol, everyone miss home, lucky I can see them tmr, if not I'm gonna be so dead
 I'm in Lakeside xD
 no don't do it, I belanja u koperasi xD
 hwaiting!
 pergi la college kia xD
 really? XD *happy
 yeeerrr sad xD
Miss my family, feel like crying juz now but NO, be tough man!
Life here actually r good, maybe?
Botak doesn't suit me AT ALL
 which school u going?~
 no lorr haha k la gtg liao ttyl
 xD won't lor, I give them bully jiu got la
 first week bored like hell xD, no lor I got so many friends there xD
 JS!!!!!!!!!! so far so okay! XD
 same here LOL
Damn u Maxis, gimme line in this jungle
First tweet in PLKN!
Finally reached kem karisma, well things doesn't go as I thought though ==
Oh damn, it's hot today ==
Bye guys, gonna miss u all so much!
 They like ham sap Lou maybe? XD
  ask sm, I don't have the right to tell xD
 四脚兽啊啊啊
 eh belah lah xD, go inti rmb find chio bu introduce me xD
 I get so excited whenever I think bout 捡肥皂 xD
 LOL haha okay la dude, mission accepted xD gudnight
 dubai got go meh? hahaha 野大王 pula xD
So tired but can't fall asleep, worried that I may missed up the bus tomorrow 
  fat. leh
 anyway thx dude xD
 野孩子leh~ I go inside they bully me jiu you lorr, I so good xD
 thank you really much! 
 4 days only leh 
 hwating! see ya tmr
 thank u Cheng~~~~~~~~~~
 yeah lor hope so!
 sure! Let's face it together wahaha
Feeling uneasy to stay in a strange place for 3 Months, I can do it! hwaiting
 thank u! ╰（￣▽￣）╭
 thank u!
Off to PLKN for 3 months tmr, may God guide me always and keep me away from the evil 1
 so damn nice!
  ham sap lou
Haven't start packing, I'm too lazy to do all this right now
I miss those days, when I am forced to wake up by 5 or 6 alarms early in the morning (*¯︶¯*)
 NO
  eh? what? ==
Gonna cut my hair to botak tmr, I wonder how it looks like oh my gosh
It's not about school reopening, it's about national service
First day of 2014 *highly motivated to do nothing
Best of 7? That was too much for both iG and DK nor me
Time flies, 5 years passed in just a glimpse,hope we can still be connected with one another and always preserve  our friendship forever
Last day of 2013, this year went really Well, thank God for leading me with such wonderful grace, hope 2014 will be even more better 
Going to comics fiesta tmr, hope to get some Good staffs for my brother :)
Staying over night with bunch of crazy people was just too amazing! Hahahaha
 thanksss 
Thank God 
Got overall of 45/50, that should be alright~
Oh Yeah! Passed my undang, nt with flying colour though :/
God bless me lol ==
Slept for only 2 hours and I'm here for undang test /..\
  win, Yeah bro
