加駐華大使發聲明 「對許志永判刑遺憾」  "館方提及其他受關注的事件，包括伊力哈木．土赫提（Ilham Tohti）教授，因公開對中國維吾爾族人的福利表示關注而遭拘留；"
An important action alert from  Where has Ilham Tohti been held since 15 January? 
新疆焉耆县设立廉政账户回收不合法收入  新疆且末县发文：党员干部廉洁自律 严禁倒卖玉石 
伊力哈木下落不明 家人律师无能为力 
新疆维吾尔自治区纪委通报7起违反中央八项规定精神案件 
. discusses "brainwashing propaganda" in op-ed. Keep confidence in XJ’s ability to maintain order 
RT : CNPC chief extols workers in Xinjiang's Lukqun. I recall much Uighur resentment toward CNPC during recent trip there. http://…
RT : So this fearsome terrorist group had no weapons whatsoever? #Cover-up RT : China Xinjiang violence kills 12 http://t…
维权人士万延海撰文呼吁 依照法律处理维吾尔在线 
As US Amb  to call on China to "take steps to reduce tensions &amp; promote long-term stability in Tibet &amp; XJ" 
Students Detained With Outspoken Uyghur Scholar Taken to Xinjiang  and  for  
RT : 79% of #adjuncts do not receive health insurance at work and 86% do not receive retirement benefits
#NotYourAdjunctSid…
RT : I am currently not teaching because of the trends currently listed in #notyouradjunctsidekick.
RT : We may be #adjunct intellectuals, writers, activists but no one will know unless we demand to be heard and supported #NotYo…
吉尔吉斯公布击毙疑似中国维族分裂者现场 
In China, 'constitutionalism' is a dirty word  for   #ilhamtohti
新疆维吾尔自治区检察院去年查办厅局级干部5人 
Uyghur scholar to lecture  on “Caucasian, Muslim and Chinese: Uyghur Culture in China" 
RT : Huanqiu editorial on the "Jan. 24 Incident" in #Xinjiang: "社评：暴恐不绝，新疆社会莫急躁紧张" #China #CentralAsia

 
RT : Kolejne ofiary w Xinjiang: Chińscy policjanci zastrzelili sześciu buntowników z Ujgurskiego Regionu Autonomicz... http…
More violence in Xinjiang
Unquiet on the western front  
Detained Beijing-Based Uyghur Scholar Taken to Xinjiang?  
RT : Heartfelt and informative piece by Elliott Sperling on Ilham Tohti 
RT : China Imprisons Dissident #XuZhiyong, Announces Charges Against Uighur Scholar Ilham Tohti  #FPABlogs http://t.co/BMNn…
RT : But where Beijing does excel under Xi Jinping is repression. Now he's cracking down on Xinjiang: 
RT : Kyrgyzstan: Border Death Mystery Clouded by China-Uighur Tensions 
Brazen. Ethnic minority voices from  
RT : #China seeks to curb religious freedom, charges Uighur scholar Ilham Tohti  #asia
专家:应改变新疆人口结构 充分开拓兵团功能 
 This piece may be of interest if you have not seen it already. Border.kg. Covering up tracks 
China official seeks tougher rules on religion after Xinjiang blasts 
RT : China Xinjiang violence kills 12 
新疆人民痛恨所谓民族精英 美却赞暴徒是斗士 
ToC from 1995 E. Turkestan Info Bulletin tells a tale on HR progress  China's take on HR in '97 
RT : Police reveal details of Xinjiang terrorist attack 
Vanuatu seeks further financial help from visiting Chinese delegation 
二十里店镇开展“依法治理非法宗教活动 遏制宗教极端渗透”宣讲活动 
地区三项活动宣讲团来和田县宣讲  宣讲员走村入户拉家常访民情　我州“远离宗教极端思想、去极端化”冬季大宣讲活动如火如荼 
新疆维吾尔自治区创建文明乡镇（村）管理办法（征求意见稿） 兵团日报评论：全力维护社会大局稳定 
新疆：阿图什公路局开展依法治理非法宗教活动遏制宗教极端思想渗透  且末县中学教职工分赴各乡镇针对 返乡学生开展宣讲教育活动 
新疆新和县“1·24”暴恐案件告破 
Xinjiang police name terrorist.  identifies alleged assailant in January 24, 2014 incident in Toksu. 
RT : 唯色 | 伊力哈木·土赫提回答外媒采访摘选 唯色注：我将伊力哈木接受诸多外媒采访的回答，做了摘选并发在今天的推特上，推友yangpigui评道: “不熟悉伊力哈木的推友请关注唯色 degewa 正在推的伊力哈木关于新疆问... http://t.…
RT : Beijing’s push to develop Xinjiang, a troubled region in western China, has failed to create stability there. http://t.…
RT : 伊力哈木的SKYPE账号刚刚上线，账号在谁手里？
RT : Ilham Tohti's wife: "All this stuff about East Turkestan elements. What rubbish."
RT : Ilham Tohti's wife: "Do they really think the university wld allow him to say such thgs in class?"  
RT : RT :  这篇伊利哈木事件的英文报道写得很不错，希望会有中文版出来&gt; China Accuses Uighur Intellectual of Separatism for His Advocacy Work h…
RT : I've highlighted the tensions and direction of the #China #Uyghur conflict on . http://t.co/d4HUj8…
RT : Uighur Economist Ilham Tohti now accused of links to phantom ETIM terrorist group. That in itself is evidence that he is inno…
官媒：新疆新和县爆炸案12名袭击者死亡 
警方：中央民大教师伊力哈木勾结东突  公安指伊力哈木勾结“东突” 妻子称警方指控毫无根据  促中国政府释放伊力哈木 联署者42国1千4百多人 
新疆新和警方围堵袭击者12人亡全城戒严  新疆新和超市老板细数爆炸经历：一维族妇女投弹被炸身亡 
Li Wei gets an airing in  12 terrorists killed in Xinjiang attack 
Uygur scholar Ilham Tohti accused of 'separatist offences' by prosecutors 
From bad to worse. Article in  details Urumchi PSB accusations that  had links to ETIM. 
China Accuses Uighur Intellectual of Separatism for His Advocacy Work  
Fresh clashes kill 12 in China's Xinjiang region


RT : Disabled Uyghur Petitioner Demands Two Million Dollars in Compensation: The decade-long campaigner says author... http:/…
RT : 11 Uyghurs Killed at Kyrgyzstan Border, Triggering Call for Probe: The World  Uyghur Congress raises concerns ... http:/…
RT : Read about Uyghur scholar Ilham Tohti's recent detention in the CECC Political Prisoner Database 
RT : New post: Uyghur Attack on Police Station Leaves Three Dead, Two Injured 
Triple explosions in China's Xinjiang kill 3  新疆新和县发生爆炸案 
. at  provides a lucid analysis of yesterday's confusing Kyrgyz border incident. 
2013年新疆外贸总额达到275.6亿美元 创新高 
2013年新疆政务微博榜单出炉 
吉尔吉斯部队中国边境附近打死11武装分子 
RT : Kyrgyzstan says kills 11 Uighur militants near Chinese border 
China’s Assistance For Fiji Elections To Be Watched Closely. "electoral bandwagon"? 
RT : Excellent story on the largest football school in the world and the future of football in China  via @…
RT : Ilham Tohti's arrest demonstrates #China's renewed hard line on #Xinjiang 
喀什市将老城区打造成5A级景区 
民主中国阵线呼吁关注伊力哈木被捕事件 
Chinese oil giants make use of offshore shell companies in Caribbean  CNOOC, PetroChina &amp; Sinopec w/interests in XJ
 Couldn't agree more with the unknowns at the moment in this case.
RT : 新疆阿克苏派出所外维汉冲突死伤五人 同一乡村数月内两暴惨剧

Tibet and Xinjiang "routinely censored topics" according to  Freedom in the World 2014: China report. 
Three killed in skirmish close to Kyrgyz-Chinese border says  
More on Kyrgyz border incident.  &amp;  via 
RT : Goodbye Alexandros Petersen, Prodigious Guide to China in Central Asia  via  for @glo…
RT : Russia's ITAR-TASS picked up the story with Xinjiang province connection to the intrusion into Kyrgyz territory http://t…
张春贤：加强法治新疆建设 为社会稳定和长治久安奠定基础 
Kyrgyz Guards Clash With Armed Group Along Chinese Border  
RT : Dispatches From Xinjiang: Success Stories Of Going Abroad And The Uyghur Pop Star Möminjan 
RT : Very interesting multi-topic talk on Xinjiang/Uyghur by  and  Listen the podcast here: htt…
RT : Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region Museum 
音频：李方平律师谈伊力哈木遭抓捕经过 
异议人士吁外界关注哈达情况 
د ئۇ ق رەھبەرلىرى گۋەنتانامودىن سىلوۋاكىيە جايلاشتۇرۇلغان ئۇيغۇرلاردىن ھال سورىدى @uyghurcongress 
RT : Op-ed: SCO must take lead in Afghan stability 
High stakes in XJ natural resource boom. How I Lost My Offshore Oil Empire  Impressive report   
Back online  
RT : Uyghur Attack on Police Station Leaves Three Dead, Two Injured -  
Excellent piece from  for  The Death of Old Kashgar. Imp. to discuss who is making the $$. 
Beijing's SelfDefeating Arrest of  "listen to the voices of the people &amp; heed their words"  
Terrorism and Extremism in Central Asia and Xinjiang: Implications for India 
The uncertain consequences of the socialist pursuit of certainty: The case of Uyghur villagers in E Xinjiang, China 
Is the Global Counter-Terrorism a Complex or a Paradox? 
Inspirations from the ETIM issue in China. 
RT : Human rights report slams treatment of West Papua - Radio New Zealand: Human rights report slams treatment... http://t.co/…
RT : Uyghur Octogenarian Pushed Off Land Despite Winning Court Battle: His family is forcibly evicted from their At... http:/…
Uyghur Turkic Women and Cultural Change: Young Moslem Women Face the Future...would like to hear any comments...
RT : China playing the South Pacific beautifully -- who needs a blue water navy?  
Sons and a granddaughter of controversial figure in #Uyghur history, Wang Zhen caught up in offshore finances leak. 
RT : 每次去同学家，墙上都会挂着一张很大的全家福，真是羡慕。想起出国前一周，爸爸说：“来张全家福吧，下次全家福都不知是多久后了。可惜老三在新疆，这张全家福也不是完整的全家福啊！”  
父亲不知现在何处，更不知何时我才能有一张真正的全家福。 http:…
RT : 新疆武警一个班疑遭袭身亡 乌市买烟花爆竹须实名登记: 警方正通缉两名在逃的维吾尔族人。 
Chinese tourists are broadening their horizons: here today, Guam tomorrow 
Tonga opposition critical of government thanking only China for aid 
新疆兵团对两起涉嫌严重违纪违法案件立案调查 
新疆政法委：公众安全感满意度实现四连升达88．01％  新疆人大代表关注“临界违法犯罪青少年群体”-建议引入专业社会工作力量 
Inquiétudes après l'arrestation de l’intellectuel ouïgour Ilham Tohti  
新疆维吾尔自治区政府工作报告  新疆维吾尔自治区召开干部大会 张春贤讲话-把着眼点和着力点放在社会稳定和长治久安上确保经济社会发展人民安居乐业 
Cargo train begins operation linking China w/c Asia  Ch. sees record crude oil imports fr. Kaz. 
RT : China's Counterinsurgency Strategy in Tibet and Xinjiang 
Zhang Chunxian recalibrates "strategic shift" in XJ: "no contradiction between stability and development"  
RT : Scholars at Risk calls for letters on behalf of imprisoned Chinese economist, Professor  http://t.co/2jbFu2…
What’s China’s Game In Central Asia? by Bruce Pannier 
RT : SAR concern re #China arrest of Uighur prof . Urge China to release or comply w HR stndrds re arrest. See h…
China: Free Ilham Tohti — Support Ethnic Reconciliation    
维吾尔人权项目呼吁国际社会关注维吾尔学者伊力哈木托赫提的境况  
RT : Rights Abuses Escalate Throughout East Asia: HRW: The region's repressive regimes step up controls on citizens. http://t…
RT : Global Net Worth
85 Richest People: $1.7 Trillion
3.5 Billion Poorest: $1.7 Trillion
"In both Tibet and Xinjiang, the government used live ammunition against peaceful protestors."  
RT : Our last blog:#FrederickStar's book #presentation at    @MatthewRoja…
RT : A great loss for a great many RT : Beautiful eulogy for Alex Petersen, from  http://t.co/SJHoxf7OZ…
Beijing vs. the Rule of Law: Xi Jinping's crackdown accelerates. 
伊力哈木被拘6日无消息 律师将函警方 
. World Report 2014. p.330-331 Xinjiang section.  h/t 
RT : 中央民大那位尊敬的维吾尔教书匠：观我朝媒体日来动向，您的「罪行」早已量身定做完毕，宣判只是时间问题而。然我等屁民既不能为先生申冤，亦不能为先生呐喊，唯有心中向伟大的真主祈祷，愿先生您能早日得到昭雪、释放。今将微博、微信、QQ等所有社交工具头像换为先生…
RT : New UHRP Blog - We Are Uyghur: Artist Q&amp;A with Susan Kattas - 
RT : Uyghur rights and China 
新疆依法严惩各类犯罪保安宁 
博乐市编印抵制非法宗教活动“指南”画册  阿合奇县召开依法治理非法宗教活动动员大会  抵制非法宗教活动、积极维护社会稳定 
新疆生产建设兵团第十四师二二四团中学师生签订《抵制非法宗教活动责任书》 52增强抵御非法宗教活动向校园渗透学习 
新疆2013年经济增长11.1% 增速排名全国前十  2013新疆食品价格涨幅8.5% 为全国1.8倍 
新疆维吾尔自治区十二届人大二次会议闭幕 张春贤发表讲话  雪克来提·扎克尔当选新疆维吾尔自治区人大常委会主任
微信传一维族警察维护伊力哈木辞职 
Xinjiang to promote Silk Road economic belt 
Foreign Minister L.Bold visits the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. 
Activists Call for China to Free Uighur Academic  
UK govt. "failed to apply sustained pressure...over HR violations [in China], inc...Tibet and Xinjiang" says  
The Other Tibet: The Tiananmen Square Crash and Uyghurs 
My Professor  An account from a former student. 
China commends Fiji's look north policy because "China [is] the focus of the policy." 
RT : #China: Free Ilham Tohti - Support Ethnic Reconciliation ()  #Xinjiang 
RT : 新疆和田的公交站牌。又见神译。 
伊力哈木被抓五日音信仍无 两个儿子深夜失眠啼哭 
China abandons failed cotton stockpiling programme. 
Tackling Terrorism. Ma Pinyan, Yang Shu, Pan Zhiping, Mei Jianming,Li Wei, Wang Lijiu, Ruan Zongze all comment on XJ 
Easing Of Visa Requirements For Chinese Visitors To Tahiti Expected 
RT : 我是一名人民警察，我有责任保护人民，捍卫法律的尊严，我不是“政策性决定”的牺牲品，我无法承受这种压力，决定辞职！ 对不起爸爸妈妈...  库尔班江.艾比不拉  2014年1月18日"(5)
RT : 把新疆问题的重大责任，推给一名维吾尔族学者来结束这一切...这不公平，这不是我写数次申请书加入的中国共产党！这不是中国共产党的作风...让我来参与，承担，完成这一历史性错案，这我做不到。(4)
RT : 经历了无数次的政治考验，为我区的繁荣和发展作出了一丝奉献！是一名忠诚的人民卫士！ 我是一名执法者，我时刻记着入警宣誓，要公平，公正，严格执法... 我个人认为中央民族大学教授伊力哈木.土赫提涉嫌违法案件中，隐藏着新疆维吾尔自治区部分等待中纪委…
RT : 先后在刑警大队命案组，刑警中队，派出所等单位工作，现在乌市公安局国保支队工作。 参加工作这十五年以来，参与并破获了数千起各类案件，荣立三次个人“三等功”，多次嘉奖。我热爱本职工作，认真履行党和人民赋予的神圣使命！时刻牢记人民警察誓言，全心全意…
RT : "辞职报告  乌鲁木齐市公安局政治部： 我是库尔班江.艾比不拉，男，维吾尔族，乌鲁木齐人，1978年10月30日生，1999年入党，1999年毕业于中国人民公安大学刑事侦察专业，2002年自学毕业于新疆大学法律学院法律专业，1999年参加公安…
RT : 一个汉族学生眼里的维族老师 
RT : Huh: even China's New Silk Road plan faltering? "Cross-border trade of Xinjiang with Central Asia decreases in 2013" http…
RT : Ilham Tohti Arrest Draws International Condemnation - more on 

RT : Uighur police officer at Urumqi posted resignation letter on WeChat &amp; was arrested 4 protesting the arrest of  v/…
RT : First rule of propaganda is don't appear more stupid than the people you want to vilify.


#Xinj…
Arrest of academic Uygur Ilham Tohtishows gloves are off when it comes to dissent 
RT :  perspective on the subject from Kyrgyzstan 
Crime leads Chinese expats in Central Asia to weigh returning home 
RT : 伊力哈木女儿在“关于要求立即释放伊力哈木教授的联署”上签名：“1/18/2014 12:11:58 菊尔·伊力哈木 美国 学生 一定要让父亲重获自由！” 
RT : 伊力哈木母亲多病，原本准备最近住院治疗，但因伊力哈木被捕，于昨天下午黯然回新疆。现在伊力哈木妻子带着4岁和7岁的两个儿子。门口有8个便衣看守，楼下也有不少便衣，甚至小区外的青年旅馆都有便衣包房住着，监视这一家妇孺。
RT : 我们是朋友而且是非常、非常好的朋友。。RT  致敬唯色阿佳您和您的先生王力雄对此事的关注及所做的种种努力“: 美国之音的报道转发了美联社记者昨日突破重围，进入伊力哈木家中访问他的妻子、母亲的视频…http://t.co/…
伊力哈木无音信数百联署吁当局释放 欧盟及美国敦促中国交待抓人理由 
ھېنرىي سادزىۋىسكى: ئۇيغۇرلار ئۇچراۋاتقان بېسىمنى يەڭگىللىتىش ئۈچۈن خەلقئارا بېسىم شەرت  
RT : EU Joins US in Criticizing China's Detention of Uyghur Scholar: Beijing maintains silence over Ilham Tohti's w... http:/…
All-weather friends: Pak-China trade increased to $12 billion, says Weidong 
RT : 【维吾尔在线简讯】至今，被带走无法取得联系的学生有，民大在读研究生帕尔哈提·哈力木拉提、人大在读研究生肖合来提、留学生穆塔里普·依明、民大往届毕业生地里夏提、民大大四阿卜杜凯尤木·阿不力米提、民大大四阿提克木·肉孜，其他几位下落不明，电话均关机或无…
RT : 【维吾尔在线简讯】 据悉，1月18日下午2点左右，中央民族大学保卫部派人将该校信息工程学院大四学生阿布杜凯尤木·阿不力米提从宿舍带走，直到现在无任何消息。前日即1月17日上午10点许阿提克木·肉孜被学院老师带走后，至今尚无消息。
RT : RT  The Process of Ilham’s Being Taken from His Home Yesterday by Xinjiang and Beijing Police 
RT : Uyghur Villagers Forcibly Relocated to Make Way For Tourist Resorts: Residents say they have been given few op... http:/…
RT : RT : 【中央民族大学维族教授遭警方拘留】周三，警方搜查了经济学者伊利哈木·土赫提在北京的公寓，并拘留了他。他是为数不多的愿意公开讨论共产党在新疆执政不足之处的知识分子。 
伊力哈木家属已聘李方平律师 美国关注维族师生下落 
. for  on  U.S. and EU Speak Out on China’s Detention of Uighur Scholar Ilham Tohti 
 Your adjective is apt in describing this editorial. "China's law is sacred and inviolable" apparently. 
. describes  teaching as "preaching"- curious given CCP assault on "religious extremism"  
Leave no chance for malicious preaching. This article makes for ominous reading on  case. 
RT : UHRP urges international community to maintain vigilance on the condition of Uyghur academic, Ilham Tohti http://t.co/ep3NN96V…
RT : #China - Uyghur citizen-journalist Ilham Tohti detained again 
RT : 伊利哈木: 海内外学者发起联署要求当局立即释放伊利哈木: 

          一批中国海内外作家学者今天发起要求立即释放伊利哈木教授的网上联署活动。几乎与此同时，美... 
RT : @HRW warns that prominent Uighur economist Ilham Tohti arrested in #China could face life in prison. 
新疆军区某高炮部队披“床单”练实弹射击  Using the services of  ?
新疆宗教人士：旗帜鲜明地反对“三股势力”维护祖国统一 
2013年新疆政协七项工作助推新疆快速发展  新疆政协委员建议设立“中国—中亚自由贸易区” 
RT : Ilham Tohti in his own words, a must read courtesy of : 伊力哈木：我的理想和事业选择之路  （in Chinese)
China introduces new banking law to freeze terrorists' assets. 

China decries foreign interference in detained academic case 
US, EU Concerned by Uighur Scholar's Detention 
RT : Beijing Criticized For Arbitrary Detention of Uyghur Scholar: An exile group says the detention may set the st... http:/…
Photos from AP of  wife, Guzelnur &amp; mother at Beijing home on Jan 16.  Article by 
Statement on  detention from  State Department Spokeswoman. 
Wife of detained Uygur academic fears 'stronger measures' from Beijing  
US presses China on prominent academic's detention  US State Dept "deeply concerned" about 
Xinjiang doubles terror fight budget. Intropection not a feature of Nur Bekri's quotes in this article. 
RT : Behind the Dunes:  on Lisa Ross's pictures of shrines in #Xinjiang  via  #China…
RT : 维族学者“涉嫌违法犯罪”遭刑事拘留

Tonga snubs New Zealand, Australia. Tongan officlals thank China for cyclone aid. Oh, &amp; something about debt default. 
RT : Visited Washington D.Cè office of World Uyghur Congress, see pictures on 
