算了啦,都过去了..
妈妈说月事会令人很容易累..所以是你连累我吗 ==
我只懂我全身不停地抖..
Did i tried?
Nevermind la. At least i tried my best..
I feel exhausted when i reach school.
I cant even maintain my top 50.
Feel so sorry and disappointed to myself.
Mum said tmr will be more serious. Shit.
My legs are pain.
RT : #Pisces will be the first to accept you for who you are.
RT : I thought I can finally score some subjects until they said 4 form chapters will come out.
Who the fuck drink my milk?!!! Fuck you. I left it to make it not so cold and you drank it without asking!
If i am able to live my life myself,dont blame me if i do the same thing to you :)
You always use words to hurt people. Fine,i will bear with it.
Just keep the thinking that i was always playing. I wont care. Anymore. Cuz you know i was doing my homeworks at nights.
Nevermind,as long as i know what i always do. Misunderstood me is your problem. Blame me also is your problem.
Going through this problem.
RT : Once a #Pisces's heart has been given to someone, it remains with that person.
Smile in front of mirror after crying. Be strong,Hui Han.
RT : YES PLEASE. RT ": I need a massage lah. A long full-body really nice massage."
 omg you mentioned it. So stress! Ahhhhhhhhh TAT
RT : Girls have periods, cramps, babies, and everything else. The least a guy could do is text her first
RT : my parents don't realize I'm a pretty good kid compared to a lot of teenagers these days
Ngawwwww what a tiring life.
Yeah Happy Pain Day.
I predict my whole body would be double pain cuz i will having muscle pain later then.
RT : That one best friend that turned into a stranger.
Finally i could sleep.
Goodnight.
Happy Birthday!  Shine bright like a diamond!
RT : FYI #Pisces have mood swings.
Hmm..果然是上天的安排~ 结果他来了~
我突然觉得我情绪变化好大 ._. 反正这就是我啦
下次一定会帮你们制造机会的 ;3
不过这样其实很好哎 他跟我 你跟她 ._. 啊不错的组合~
我的直觉很准的 再加上现在所设想的"证据" 一定是了的!! xD congratulation and celebration~
其实我有在怀疑你喜欢她的哟XD 加油吧!! 她是个很好的女生!! 你也是一个很好的人!! :)
那是什么样的感觉 这样不是很好吗 很好的结局啊 其实也在预料中啦~
知道你喜欢的人不是我 我竟然心凉 想哭 
够力了 我连自己在想什么都不知道.
RT : school is really getting in the way of my life
I dont know how to do ahhhh TT
HOTS ==
RT : #Pisces tend to be more concerned with other peoples problems then their own. Not because they are nosy, but because they…
Think.
RT : If a #Pisces is giving you 100%, and you're only giving 50%, prepare for conflict. All or nothing.
Pada pendapat Hui Han.. ._.
But seriously i just copy those from internet..
Cik Zaiton keep mention my name,and i was like : whyyyyyyy?! T_T
Puan Badariah urut me just because of i slept in the class.
RT : #Pisces is the hardest to pin down.
RT : RT  : 若现在就觉得失望无力，未来那么远你该怎么扛。&lt;致自己&gt;
RT : 如果学生真的在班上打瞌睡也不完全是学生的错 现在的老师无法体会到现在学生面对的压力有多大 他们不知道现在的学生和以前的学生有多么大分别 ==
Ish. Ffffffffffffffffffffff ok bye sleep.
I hate.
I wonder why just let time goes so fast when it shouldnt? I dont know where the time gone.
The time goes so fast this year. Seriously. A lot faster than few years ago.
Cried. I feel so stress about everything. I have no time. I have no fun. I hate homeworks. I hate studies. I hate my life so FML.
Tired.
Driving me nuts.
I cant find it..
I didnt keep my things well. So i dont even know when i had gone.
Sorryi am useless.
Where did  my long ruler gone?
I feel like to cry..
I really dont want to.
Can you just stop nagging and mumbling?
:/ dont know want to do what lehhh forgot dy
RT : #Pisces never looks down on people. They are humble.
RT : A #Pisces likes it when you compliment them, but will know when you're faking.
RT : #Pisces finds it hard to make decisions because they see all sides to the question.
Your words in my head,knives in my heart
You build me up and i fall apart.
And i bleed when i fall down
Just a little human.
I'm only human.
Watched finish seed of chucky 2004,so funny haahahaha
RT : #Pisces is the most romantic sign.
严重怀疑你是不是心情特好 我受宠若惊
Waaaa luckily didnt call you gor2! Cuz she got ady! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH
Can I just ask from Yaw Hooi? Why you came to ask me when he said will give me tmr TT
"you want the form?"
"yes!"
"call gor gor first"
Walao laugh die me!!!!hahahaha
At least you wish me.
RT : God knows who belongs in your life and who doesn't. Trust and let go. Whoever is meant to be there, will still be there.
RT : #Pisces likes to hide their feelings.
Dont you have a problem :(
Just a bit excited..
You finally inbox me. Happy Valentines Day.
五点多回到家,六点睡到九点..什么都还没做 O.O
Wo mei you wu liao hao bu hao,wo zhen de hen ai zi ji hahahahaha XDD
Give mum to see what i wrote at wechat moment. She said i am bored T^T
Tak.mau.peduli.you. Bye.
You didnt find me like last time you do,puhhhhh,one "happy valentines day" also didnt have,fail la you!
I dont know what did you do these days..cant see you keep online like you used to.
Roses are red,
Violets are blue,
Sunflowers are yellow,
Chocolates are poo.
Happy Valentine's Day !!! I love myself yay !!!
It should be one minute.
1 minutes to valentine's day.
//翻白眼
RT : Idk man, I just need summer to come.
I explain so much for you and you just replied : "oic". Last time somemore ask me -.-
Apa maksud kau -.-
Pn. Linda dont angry har~
Just realise i dont have any paper left. Nevermind,do it tmr~
RT : Haven't iron uniform /0\
Ahhhhh
RT : 测试答案：
A、狗-你重视社会跟道德规范，婚后你不会犯这样的错误。
B、猪-你无法抗拒欲望，很有可能会越轨。
C、母牛-你不会主动，也不会拒绝，但你会努力试着不要这样做。
D、鸟-你从来就不够坚定，事实上，你不适合婚姻，且你不想做出承诺。
RT : 【各种血型的双重性格】O型人既是浪漫主义者，又是强烈的现实主义者；A型人表面上严于律己，与人为善，内心则隐藏着非常暴烈的脾气；B型人虽然多愁善感，爱流眼泪，人情味浓厚，但对事物的看法非常现实、科学和理智；AB型人一方面具有合理而冷静的思…
RT : I am not pushing you away, I am holding on for dear life. But I need you to need me back.
RT : 【十二星座回家最想做的事情】
白羊座：再跑出去；
金牛座：大吃一顿；
双子座：开电视；
巨蟹座：进厨房；
狮子座：躺沙发上小睡一会；
处女座：洗澡；
天秤座：保养；
天蝎座：聊天；
射手座：开电脑；
摩羯座：做家事；
水瓶座：看新闻；
双…
F typo -.-
To*
RT : Sometimes people put up walls, not to keep others out, but to see who cares enough to break them down.
Feel like to drink cold drinks but i have tp control myself!
Troublesome.
Flu is a big trouble.
#Nowplaying cant remember to forget you.
Finally i know the name of that song! #Nowplaying la la la
Depend no one.
Sometimes i feel great cuz i know how to take care of myself. Not like someone just always need someone to take care of :D
 the front of the car..
RT : Its a dark world filled with fake laughters and fake dreams.
#Nowplaying hangover.
"我顶!" "我顶你给肺!" hahahahahaha
He keeps give me fullhouse that time. Such as AAA22 or 222AA *Forgot* and others.
I wanna play cho dai deeeeee
#Nowplaying counting stars.
Cant forget those nights.
Ya lorh ya lorh.
RT : Dear Boys, If you like a girl, dont make her start a conversation because then she worries about being annoying. Sincer…
I think i am just a bit of crazy -.-
#Nowplaying heart attack.
Hitz.fm online.
#Nowplaying starships.
RT : If you can imagine it, you can achieve it; if you can dream it, you can become it.
Dont get too close,its dark inside.
RT : 【12星座的心声】
白羊(我是小太阳)
金牛(不要和我犟)
双子（我的心思你别猜，其实我也不明白）
巨蟹（我要装得很强大）
狮子（很空虚）
处女（其实怎样我都不满意）
天秤(让我再想想)
天蝎（我就是心眼小）
射手（该死的记性）
魔羯（谁懂我忧郁…
#Nowplaying demons.
Listen to songs.
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh.
You never see the pattern of mine,coughing until like cant breathe or like going to vomit out my lungs.
没有的话... -3-
希望你看到,然后来问我哈哈哈哈
RT : Remember me? I was your friend when you were single.
   biba
RT : 喜欢一个人，要么勇敢告诉她，要么勇敢看她被别人追走。
RT : 【十二星座最理想的情人】白羊座（威风、自信）、金牛座（诚实、稳重）、双子座（热情、诚实）、巨蟹座（擅长社交）、狮子座（开朗、好运动）、处女座（冷静踏实）、天秤座（富有个性）、天蝎座（天真甜蜜）、射手座（冒险心旺盛）、摩羯座（笑容满面）、…
I need urut..
My neck..
My back..
My whole body..
Wasnt a big problem. But still how would others see it. Maybe for them normal la.
another one. Haishhh. Still.
Have some feelings like i online just want to wait you to find me == oh no
RT : 后来在整个生命里，我才发现，可以那么好的朋友，一辈子只有那么几个。
RT : 人只有愛過才會懼怕甚至拒絕愛情。
RT : #Pisces (The Fishes) Creative, mindful and understanding of others, gentle and kind. Opposite sign #Virgo.
Can i slap your stupid face?
FML!!!
YOU ARENT ME!
STOP ACTING THAT STUPID FACE WHEN I AM RUSHING!!
I know my words are hurt.
Wtf cant you just move faster?!
You cant berbanding your stupid mahjong with my study!
In a really hot temper now.
I am so freaking tired.
Having a great chat with rey chel (err did i spell it right?) today.
I think of you all. Walao please not again.
I dont know how to do.
RT : So fking hot.
RT : It's amazing what a girl will put up with for the boy she likes.
RT : Isn't it amazing how a person who was once just a stranger, suddenly meant the world to you?
RT : When #Pisces fall in love you can tell. They fall hard.
RT : Nobody said that it'd be easy, they just promised it would be worth it.
RT : 【发脾气就像炸药的星座】冠军（白羊座）、亚军（双子座）、季军（双鱼座）、第四名（狮子座）、第五名（巨蟹座）。
RT : #Pisces feel their feelings so strongly and with so much passion.
男人如衣服 哈哈.
And that just prove that..
If you give up on me hahahahaha
Apa lagu itu hahaha
郑舜馨是大傻妞 哈哈哈哈!!
相信我会爱你 永远不变~
我想说 我会爱你
hahahahah few minutes ago before 12am,i was staying at her house playing cards.
-3-
 mcm sgt tak suka dia..
 i know i know,i mean the owner of that acc
 what titan?O.o
 wuisehhhhh i wonder whos that!
 ya ahh O.O i go see..bluff you de haha
 having the same thinking haha! I didnt go ohh
 hahHahaha mcm ini pun boleh
 so guai! Was thinking if wanna unfollow that acc or not hahaha cuz you say put public liao hhaha!
#nowplaying 致十年后的我 letter song
 okok! Tmr coming?
Hahahahahahahaha XDDD
Girls are kepo.
 ya meh O.O i tak tau ohhhh!  she/he also got tag some "famous" shoutout acc that once post out that photo
": 【情人节送十二星座什么花？】
送双鱼雏菊花
　　雏菊在法语中叫做玛格丽特，象征天真的美好，再合适拥有温柔天真性格的双鱼不过了，而且淡雅的黄色，在冬日里也是分外醒目那，拥有双鱼座女友的你，真的很幸福哦。" 好可爱的花~~~*-* 听某人到没哈哈!
那一瞬间的失望 .
