虽然这学期的时间表是一直以来期盼的，可以有很多时间做要完成的事，但一直有空虚感袭击而来，还是很想念以前从早忙到晚的日子，这是叫做劳碌命吗。。。
 that "渐渐变幻的天空" is very nice, look like professional photo
 想要一个说走就走的旅行~
things get worse before they get better. just keep going.
 暂时陷入颂伊姐的毒，她好有魅力啊~
现在才来看来自星星的你。。我才是外星人。。呵呵呵。。。
 要注意不要碰到，不然会更痛
 要小心点啊。。涂黑风油吧。。
 什么事？
 i very generous.. haha.. i lazy go back..... T.T
 me too... i will become blood donator tmw...
 quite okay la.. the durian not very strong..
 normal sambal + durian paste d taste... haha...
 i think the taste is okay, very special since never eat before, but my aunt don like durian so she dont like it.. haha..
 dont know the name, i eat at my neighbour's kenduri
first time eat 'durian sambal'
 今晚高歌发泄吧~
Valentine without partner, making chocolate at google~ ==
 no lo... This time no chance
Watching power rangers @@
Not so good but at least better than expected.. Luckily I aim very low..
my playlists for tv show and drama is too long, when can finish it...
 finally...good...
 rosak le jiu can change new one..haha
 wat happen?
 can.. not necessary must register now..
 maybe they need some time, since need to check bank in stuff..
 tmw u call again and see how.. u said u need to register course
家人的定义就是即使嘴硬，也在行动上默默关心对方…
 belum siap?
who is GOT7? new group or very long time le..
mom ask last time we watch got this small meh? and my aunt reply: keep things long time will become smaller la, tv also.. ==
my house's tv short jor, take out old tv, my mom wonder how we watch this small tv last time
还有几天就要到大学最后一个学期了，时间过得好快
烦恼不断
 nice burger api~
I think setia sp new year song is better than 8tv's, keep playing on my mind
一个过年，肥了一圈 ==！
 good!
 same here.. lazy whole day~
 so now become so lazy~~ hehe~
新年过后就是懒得动
 同时也表示是时候清理了。。呵呵。。。
no time clear my mail box and it reach 888 unread email.. huat huat huat!
  thank u :-)
    thank u and happy Chinese new year and happy holiday!
 happy new year! :-)
My only new year wish is to be happy and get rid of troubles
一大早五点去巴刹排队买烧肉，过年真累啊~呵呵~
安贞焕儿子超帅！
 full with ice
Too full, cannot sleep
 seoul garden d kimchi with kao rou very nice~
 i ald eat half bottle d kimchi le, hahaha.. next time must do more
终于把车洗了…花了两个钟头，希望可以tahan久一点…呵呵…
 I pun ingin lo..
Kimchi kimchi ~
 呵呵呵。。阿嫲真大方。。
 bye~happy chinese new year!!
 go KL buy maybe nicer
 this year got so many nice tshirt but not blouse n dress..
cant buy a nice blouse this year, is it my problem??
年货什么的都贵，只有衣服便宜 @@
Long time no see, mattaliao, finally got milk tea
  i also got saw u.. haha.. i buat kuih until the whisker putus lo.. so go buy new one..
 both of us like aunty~
 got event meh?
 haha.. too many hungry pigs there.. i need to get enough stock to 'feed' u all.. hahaha..
finish work today, tomorrow continue fighting! so many cookies list awaiting...
it is very funny when people said 'being trapped in escalator'... haha..
 不舍得阿…
Doom da da di da da doom da da di da da doom da da di da da doom
 see u ^^
finally pack all my things.. tired..
 sleep earlier.. tmw will be a long day.. @@
not yet 9pm... i am so sleepy now..
我说，食堂大婶，你家是开盐田的吗？？
  very geli la, and many blood.. very unlucky
  我削芽菇削到手，把一块肉削出来了。。现在右手拇指整个包起来了
一下子，什么做饼的心情都没了，真不幸啊~
my eyes are so tired but... i still want to watch runningman...
stop inviting me to play what what farm heroes..
 old already~haha
i think i have to use 'creativity' for tomorrow's paper
 here also same.. they so excited
IK people like to sing?!! especially at night
my bed look  so comfortable~~~~~
 u can buy the burger... Without roti
ermm, i regret that i didnt buy my supper just now..
 can le!!! yeah!!!!!
 how?
 i want chinese sub, dailymotion d very blur lo..
feng xing not uploading runningman anymore? where can i watch~?
回家真好！！！
75% done!
  LOL... stop imagine...
 and the crispy bacon... yummy....
i miss spade's burger
  all the best for us... mei ling, fighting for first paper tmw! ^^
don wan to study anymore, fast fast exam
  哈哈。。晚上真的不能看韩国综艺。。会很饿。。
 maybe is my mouth too lonely, feel want to eat something.. hehe
 i just preparing.. haha.. gain fat..
why my stomach always feel hungry while studying...
 还好里面也有些·搞笑的部分。。
 你太夸张了。。哈哈。。不过还真的很感动啦。。
 我可以再看一次
 一个人看才能哭惨。。
  just now i wake up my eyes also bengkak.. haha
 七号房的礼物
这部电影太感动了
有时大哭也是舒缓压力的好办法
 加油，非常认同越大越多烦恼。。
headache
 then u very kesian liao lo tonight..
no mood to study ======
 wa.. she 冬眠？
so sleepy~~~~
 saturday n sunday at here really weird
 @@
 good news for u.. ah mong n ah qi will be the new customer
 yalo.. very nice lo.. really miss it
feel like want to eat burger
Happy new year!!
New year wishes: Hope my dad, mom, aunt n brother stay healthy and happy and lots if lucks come to us!!
exhausted after first paper
 goodnight~ tell me when u get the bus
 now raining, more sleepy.. haha
studying on the bed will end up with a nap... ==
Life: Cherish it, love it, live it.
Hot weather = too hot, can't study!
Raining day = don't study, should sleep in this nice weather
i want to study, my laptop screen just don't let me do that..what to do...==
真的该认真减肥了
Get a meaningful n lovely present in this Christmas
神话放送一定要那么感动吗。。
stomachache... eat too much...
 becareful mei ling, take care
 那就惨了，吃面吃到碗都丢了，结果那个海绵跌得太深，救不回了。。。
 刚才我去洗碗，左手拿碗和海绵，右手拿筷子和tissue, 到了垃圾桶旁边，我把海绵丢进去，tissue还在手上。。。==
刚做了一件连我自己也无语的蠢事
 哈哈哈
 那个烤羊肉的特好吃。。羡慕。。
 家里都有烧烤器材，可以经常吃烤肉
纽西兰的孩子真幸福
明天差点就我一个没去上课
 hehehe
Alright, done baking, time to go back for assignment
Thanks to my aunt who always willing to help me wash all the things left after my baking
继承者的paintball game 也太戏剧化了，炯植大发~~
 ya.. I feel so sad, he brought a lot of joys for the class..
Life is uncertain, just saw a shocking news that a food tech senior pass away, I still remember we attended the same English class...
做自己喜歡的事是自由；喜歡自己做的事是幸福。
i keep smelling phosphoric acid on my fingers
 save energy for tmw
 yala.. i feel very tired these few dayss... T.T
 i pun sama, i have to do many times processing
 ada.. lu?
 can, but the taste very weird la, maybe left too many days le..
finally i have time to sit down n look at my assignment, FYP torture me even at home
Please don't rain now
《神话放送》比《被偷走的那五年》还要感动~
 teka teki.. hahaha
feel like want to eat steamboat in this weather~
did ting tong tiang for my test~
 coz this week totally cannot la..
 the rambutan spoilt le, i not dare to use so i throw le..need to buy again
 i used my way that i told u la, they just upload that's why before this i cant connect
i am wasting money
 no need le la.. just now can connect le.. 1.2gb too big... haha
 i cant connect the feng xing d.. haiz..
 got new episode liao meh?
 yala.. kalau tengah mandi macam mana.. haha
 not my block.. but i can hear it clearly, just now wondering want to run ma.. haha
suprisingly IK do firedrill at this time..
 memang u perlu book lab after exam
 if really cannot he also wont force u d la i think
 chill, maybe u can ask help from Dr Tan
  no wifi really can drive u crazy.. haha..
 take care mei ling, we will gather soon!
 take care, Maria
Turn into a dangerous driver at night
 go buy thing then go dinner, tmw still need to go pasar
Extremely tired but still have to attend wedding dinner... Tmw I want to sleep kaw kaw..
 cockroach again??!
i ate too much in these few weeks.. time to control..
i think i just wasted 2kg banana
  so good mia, ask them come usm..haha
  why got free geh?
 then saturday when u back, he will ask why u here.. haha
raining? my banana......
 吃吧~哈哈·~
本来还打算skip掉晚餐，谁知。。我这不争气的肚子。。唉。。
today's lunch really 'Ho Liao'!!
 yala, i go take water a while already sweating lo..
 i regretted i said so, it is still super hot..
 at least got some wind
misunderstanding can lead to many problems
 i changed my password to very strong~haha~hope there will be no problem..
received an email from yahoo account stating that someone from Venezuela is trying to login my yahoo mail, why want to hack my account??
 jangan nervous~all the best!
