I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Sierra 監獄的佈教也非常順利的完畢，監獄裡面的變化也非常快，我們所認識的法友們都不在了。有些人掉到另一家監獄去，最好的好幾位已經回家了，聽到消息我們大家都很高興。今天參加課程的有23位，今天我們也成立了Sierra... 
Sierra 監獄的佈教也非常順利的完畢，監獄裡面的變化也非常快，我們所認識的法友們都不在了。有些人掉到另一家監獄去，最好的好幾位已經回家了，聽到消息我們大家都很高興。今天參加課程的有23位，今天我們也成立了Sierra... 

笑一下，生命會更好。
Smile makes our life much better. 
沒有今天的努力，那有將來的幸福。
How can one have a better future, If we don't make effort today. 
今天在Tehachapi... 

今天在 Tehachapi 監獄上課，今天42度，有一點冷。8:20 就進去，阿彌陀佛！ — at California Correctional Institution 

能行正道，離苦得樂。
Those who able to practice right path,
Will depart from suffering and attain happiness. 
美國菩薩寺十二天監獄弘法的第一天非常順利的圓滿完畢。今天我們大家都受訓一整天，非常感謝這些因緣，讓我們更了解如何跟我們監獄法友們互動，而且也受到受訓的證明書，明天大約九點要到第二個目的地，希望一切順利。　阿彌駝佛_()_ 
Today we had whole day training about the responsibilities of volunteer Chaplain. It was very enlightening for... 
深思無明。
Deeply contemplate on ignorance. 　 

耐心是建立在辛苦的過程。
One build up patience in the process of difficulties. 
每日每位都總是要作事，有智慧者選擇作善事。　
Everybody everyday has to do something anyway. 
But wise people choose to do wholesome deeds. 
Dear All, 
    Amituofo! Tomorrow we are starting our Prison Program. Tomorrow we will be heading towards El... 

改變自己，是等於改變一切。 
Changing yourself is changing the world. 
持戒是止惡行善的意思。　
The meaning of obeying precepts is stopping 
negative karma and cultivating positive deeds. 
智慧是如意寶。
Wisdom is wish fulfilling treasure. 
新年快樂 Happy New Year to everyone!

2013 was a wonderful year with monthly visit from IBS . Especially the moment... 
具足智慧，令其自在。
One will be free when the wisdom is perfected. 
世界美不美是自己造成的。 
You made the world whether it is beautiful or not. 
因為無常什麼都有可能。
Because of impermanence anything is possible. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "IBS Main Temple in Taiwan" 
I posted 19 photos on Facebook in the album "Chinese New Year 2014" 
No matter we know each other or not. Ever since we are born we are sharing the same planet to live in. This world... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
景點：菩薩寺
│ 地址：台中市大里區永隆路147號
│ 電話：04-24079920
│ 營業時間：13:00~18:00，周末09:00~18:00，周一不開放 
生命會不同，如果我們真心微笑。　
Life will be different if we smile from heart. 
修行就是如何破『我執』。
Practice is all about how to destroy Self Attachment. 
我們所有的煩惱是分別心而升起的。
All our defilements are arises from dualistic mind. 
　 
Amituofo!
 I am sure everyone had wonderful new year. Everyone has hopes and dreams about our future. Which is... 
戒是為了更改我們壞習慣。
Precepts are to change our bad habitual tendency. 
微笑的力量是最強。
The power of smile is very strong. 
從一件善事開始新的一年。　
Start the brand new year with a wholesome deed. 
Happy Chinese New Year

First of all I would like to wish everyone Happy Chinese New Year. As we contemplate this... 
Happy Chinese New Year

First of all I would like to wish everyone Happy Chinese New Year. As we contemplate this... 
Happy Chinese New Year from IBS... _()_ 

告別蛇年，迎接馬年，
新年來臨，的家吉祥。　
Good bye to Snake year, 
Welcome to Horse year. 
New year is right here. 
Wish everyone... 
善念是快樂的鑰匙。　
Positive thoughts are the key of happiness. 
Today's good news to share with everyone is that Wasco State Prison called us today. IBS could visit one more... 
今天歡喜分享的事，收到（Wasco State Prison)的電話，美國菩寺可以去多一家監獄弘法。非常高興，Wasco 鐵圍內的受刑人也可以接觸佛法，這次我們北加州總共11家監獄可以佈教，希望一切順利。
阿彌陀佛！！ 
今天歡喜分享的事，收到（Wasco State Prison)的電話，美國菩寺可以去多一家監獄弘法。非常高興，Wasco 鐵圍內的受刑人也可以接觸佛法，這次我們北加州總共11家監獄可以佈教，希望一切順利。
阿彌陀佛！！ 
　一生修行的最後考試就是死亡。　
The final examination of our practice is Death. 
不去行善，不會幸福。　
No Cultivation, No Happiness. 
美國菩薩寺非常感謝方居士每一年來供養（100長的)... 
Dharma practice is like a needle to eradicate our EGO. 
不光是信法，也要如法地實踐。Not only believe in Dharma 
But also practice accordingly. 
懂的因果道理者，不會傷害他人，
因為最後受苦的是還是自己嗎！
Those who understand the meaning 
of cause and effect will never harm others,... 
『禪』是看自己的最好方法。　
Meditation is the best way to watch oneself. 


慈悲行者，諸佛加持。
All Buddha will bless those who practice compassion 
The Joy of Volunteering 
Early November 2013, I saw the online volunteers recruitment note via FB and was... 
寬心布施者，解開貪心結。
Generosity, the open giving of what
other need, unties the hard knot of greed. 
We had a very good visitation at Chuckawalla valley state prison today. Total of seventy Dharma brothers from A,... 
美國菩薩寺非常感謝諸位護法，我們二月北加州監獄弘法的事大約準備好了，所有佛教的書籍都裝好箱子。已經聯絡安排好九家監獄的佈教活動。這次非常感謝，淑冠，玉梅，惠娟，Yevonne等的發心菩薩們，由於你們的發心我們這次大活動的經費也已... 
『心』是快樂與痛苦基地。　　
Mind is the base for happiness and suffering. 
『心』是快樂與痛苦基地。　　
Mind is the base for happiness and suffering. 
居士問：法師您們去監獄不怕嗎？我們看電視撥放在監獄常發生暴力。... 
聖人解脫對善惡的妄念。　
Noble beings are free from the thoughts of good and evil. 
Voice of the Volunteers 
REFLECTION 
IBS’ works and commitment are extremely admirable, so are the Dharma practice experiences described... 
勤修戒定慧，息滅貪瞋痴。　
Diligently practice precepts, meditation and wisdom. 
Extinguish the greed, hatred and ignorance. 
有光就沒有黑暗，有智慧就沒有煩惱。　
When these is light there is no darkness,
When we have wisdom there is not defilement. 
Voice of the Volunteers
Like what Ven Xian Zhong used to say “there is no bad people in this world but there are... 
Voice of the Vonlunteers
Like what Ven Xian Zhong used to say “there is no bad people in this world but there are... 
美國菩薩寺收到38本藏傳書籍，這些都是加拿大的居士（我們網路義工）Ming-Ling Tsay 法友寄過來的。我們非常感謝Ming-Ling 居士特別幫我們找藏傳佛教的書籍跟監獄的法友們結緣。 這次... 
Living in the moment is wonderful.. 
提起正念。
Put our mind on correct thought. 
Dear Dharma friends,
Amituofo!! Thanks to Carl for working with me in the storage for whole day. We sort out all... 
Dear Dharma friends,
Amituofo!! Thanks to Carl for working with me in the storage for whole day. We sort out all... 
Dear Dharma friends, 
Amituofo!! Thanks to Carl for working with me in the storage for whole day. We sort out all... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
大部分的書籍快準備好了，二月就可以開始今年成立圖書館的活動。 
Most of the books are already packed. We are getting ready to start 2014 Buddhist... 
"Don't wait to practice Dharma." We were discussing about it the other day at DharmaBum Temple. Here is the same... 
Dharma books are playing important role in our brothers life in prisons. If you have any Dharma book wanted to... 
To help your family is your duty.
To help your friends is your true friendship. 
To help a stranger is your... 
居士問：監獄佈教為什麼您覺得重要？... 
Today IBS having Buddhist service at Calipatria State Prison. Amituofo _()_ — at Calipatria State Prison 
布施他人需要的而不是想要的。　
Give other what they need, not what they want. 
The more we understand the nature of life 
The more we can let things go easily. 
笑是一种營養。
Laughing is one kind of nutrition. 
笑是一种營養。
Laughing is one kind of nutrition.

Dear Dharma Sister Shirley,
I am now in a position to help IBS with doantions to help offset the costs incurred... 


菩薩一定會有慈悲。　
A Bodhisattva definitely has compassion. 
修行是心靈的事。
Practice is MIND job. 
–慧光法師開示—

佛是我們的老師，
教導我們如何去面對生命中的痛苦和煩惱的問題。
佛教不是以信仰得解脫，
佛教重視的是智慧。 
"I thought I would be contributing to IBS as a volunteer but I actually learned much more than I contributed.... 
因緣成熟什麼都有可能。
When causes and condition right everything is possible. 
無常沒有善與惡的，它就是一切存在本質。　
Impermanence is neither positive nor 
negative rather is the nature of all existence. 

今天美國菩薩寺收到洛杉磯的淨宗學會寄給我們的14... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Just finished the Three Refuge and Five precepts ceremony for my Dharma friend Richard Simpkins at hospices. I... 
Today Lisa, Shirley and I are at Life House Health Care Center. We are giving three refuge and five precepts to... 

真富有就智慧。
True richness is wisdom. 

　 
Amazing!! Just received a e-mail from Mrs. Tam Pureland organization Atlanta GA, USA. She mentioned that they... 
Today IBS having Buddhist service at LA Chino State Prison. — at California Institution for Men 
Amituofo!! Today Shirley and I went to Centinela State Prison. We got to talk to two Buddhist group at A and C... 
Today IBS having Buddhist service at — at Centinela State Prison 
A NEW YEAR WISH FROM DHARMA BROTHER PHUNG 
WHO IS A FREEMAN NOW

Dear Dharma Sister Shirley,

THERE ARE NO... 
仇恨是最大的罪惡。
There is no evil like hatred. 
若能接受自己，很多困難自然會消失。　
If we know how to accept the way we are. 
Most of our problems will be solved automatically. 
無明引起我們難受的情感。
Our afflictive emotions arises from wrong conceptions. 
IBS Prison Program is running on people's donation. This year we are planing to setup 20 more Buddhist libraries... 
Happy New Year Ven. Xianzhong, Shirley and everyone at IBS. 2013 was a wonderful year with monthly visit from IBS... 
請大家廣發慈悲心，一同來護持美國菩薩寺，在36所加州監獄弘法的活動。您的佈施深具意義，能改變一個人的生命，以佛法淨化他的身心。美國菩薩寺現在正招募，每月願意固持發心$10美金者，敬請大家踴躍護持。... 
心是我們唯一解脫道的伴侶。
Our mind is the only companion
we have along the path of liberation. 
無信因果者，隨緣造惡業。
Those who remiss cause and effect 
are likely to generate negative karma. 
Today Aunty Shirley and I went to Los Angeles to visit our Dharma friend Benny Luhur and his family from... 
受刑人母親的感謝信
親愛的菩薩寺佛友們：... 
生命本身沒有意義，
只有你能創造或賦予它意義
 Life itself does not have meaning; 
your actions in life gave it meaning. 
Offer Causes for Happiness and Hope. 

There were two men, both seriously ill. One man was allowed to sit up in... 
各位法友！！
最近正在準備今年要監獄成立圖書館的書籍，大約已經弄好2000本不同宗派的書籍，美國菩薩寺從下個月就會開始所準備的法寶會送到北加州的監獄。非常感謝十方信徒的護持，讓鐵圍內的受刑人都有機會聽聞佛法。阿彌陀佛！！！ 
般若為導,五度為盲。 
As the five paramitas are blind, wisdom 
is our trusted guide for cultivation. 
Look at others the way you look in the mirror. 
Under the bridge is a school for many students... What a spirit for learning!!! 
今天美國菩薩寺收到美國著名的佛教出版社，香巴拉出版社的16本新書捐贈，以贊助我們發心在美國加州36所監獄成立佛教圖書館，在這些監獄內都有4000到5000個囚犯，從這樣眾多的人數，我們可以知道，這是個嚴重的社會問題。... 
Book Donation from Shambhala Publication. 
International Bodhisattva Sangha (IBS) received donation of 16 Tibetan... 
Book Donation from Shambhala Publication. 
International Bodhisattva Sangha (IBS) received donation of 16 Tibetan... 
內心的富有是比物質的殊勝。 
念佛是容易的，但困難的是專心。
Reciting the Buddha’s name is easy,
but the real difficulty lies in its focused. 
點心靈的燈，行正道的路。
Illuminate the mind and walk on the right path. 
世界上最難認識的是『自己』。
The most difficult learning is to understanding oneself. 
Happy New Year
Dear Dharma Friends,
Wishing everyone to have Very Happy New Year.  Another year just went like... 
修行是為了超越自己，而不是放大我執。
Cultivation is to overcome oneself,
 not to magnified self-attachment.

生命本身沒有意義，
只有你能創造或賦予它意義... 
修行是為了超越自己，而不是放大我執。
Cultivation is to overcome oneself,
 not to magnified self-attachment.

生命本身沒有意義，
只有你能創造或賦予它意義... 
新年快樂，
各位法友，... 
新年快樂，
各位法友，... 

Don't constantly think about having 
fun but also think about giving fun. 
During our trip to India and Nepal in 2011. We got to visit a old age home in Kathmandu City. There were around... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
戒是摩尼寶，應當持淨戒。
The precepts are like precious MANI. 
Therefore we should follow it purely. 
看自己----
菩薩寺2014年月曆已出版了
即日起接受預訂，每份500元，郵資150元／本
匯款帳號 : 第一銀行 大里分行 戶名：葉惠貞 41250699511
匯款後，請告知後三碼。

看自己
就從回到本心開始吧！... 
惡有苦報，善有樂報。　　
Negative action has painful experience; 
Wholesome action has joyful experience. 
你的信心是成功關鍵。
Your confidence is the key of success. 
大部分的煩惱是比較心而來的。　
Most of our vexations are arise from comparison mind. 
正念是解脫法的基礎。　
The foundation of free oneself is right mindfulness. 
耐心是建立在辛苦的過程。 
One build up patience in the process of difficulties. 
慈悲是如意寶。
Compassion is wish-fulfill treasure. 
人生的價值不在於我們擁有多少而是能給他人多少。　
The value of our life is not base on how much 
we have, but how much we able to give... 
為他人辛苦是幸福的因。　
Taking difficulties for other is cause of prosperous. 
佛法教導我們如何離苦得樂。
The Buddha Dharma teach us how to 
depart from suffering and attain happiness. 　 
這是臘八粥正在進行中的菩薩寺⋯當您在天亮後品嚐這一碗臘八粥的時候，請您相信這世間總是有一份溫暖的心意，一直在陪伴您！... 

智者接受任何因緣。
Wise people accept any kind of condition. 
生命的價值是以慈悲利益他人。
The value of life is to help other with compassion. 
International Bodhisattva Sangha (IBS) would like to thanks these wonderful, kind and generous people who are... 
當一個人的心清淨時，
他的周圍自然會清淨。
When a person’s mind purified, 
his surroundings naturally become pure. 
每夜我們進入未知的世界。
每天我們遭遇不意之變化。
聖者照見二者皆猶如夢幻。
Every night we enter an unknown world. 
Every day we encounter... 
山雪熔化就是水 , 人心淨化就是佛 。
Melted snow becomes water just as 
Buddha nature is derived from a purified mind. 
義工心聲
我的名字是 Py Cheong, 來自馬來西亞。我上個月開始成為 IBS 國際菩薩寺的網路義工。幫忙將一些監獄囚犯們與 IBS 互動的信件打字。很快地我瞭解到在監獄裡修學佛法的弟兄情況。... 
今天與顯中法師前往 Chuckawalla Valley State Prison 佈教. 特別為法友們送上 2014 年月曆作為新年禮物. 顯中法師在派發時對他們勉勵一番. 希望他們用功學習佛法. 物輕情義重,... 
受刑人母親的感謝信
親愛的菩薩寺佛友們：... 
生命的認識越深，物質的執著越少。　
Those who has deeper understanding of life.
They will have less attachment in the worldly... 
A LETTER FROM DHARMA BROTHER DINO (CENTINELA)

Dear Ven. Zhong, Dharma sister Shirley,
With a bow and metta.... 
受刑人母親的感謝信
親愛的菩薩寺佛友們：... 
Christmas and New Year Gifts
 
Finally Chuckawalla State Prison approved the Christmas and New Year gift for... 
