新年快乐恭喜发财万事如意心想事成 
RT : This is the craziest selfie EVER! 
正月初一头一天 我睡到早上九点
First time spend my CNY eve at KL. Feels so weird
Well done valve! WELL DONE1
Oh my god dota did well in preparation for CNY!
 对啦 xD 坐了十多次 根本不用排队 玩了又玩
Roller coaster for the 11th time. 
boooooooooring
Indoor 好闷啊 那roller coaster 让我差点睡着
So cold inside. Only inside the igloo we can took off our glove and take pictures 
No Phones allowed in Snow World Genting. CCTV took this photo (^_^) 
actually hanphone is not allowed in here lol and Im still tweeting inside
fuck fuck fuck I cant feel my fingers nose ear toes buttock biceps six packs I can only feel FREEZE. OMG
going into snow world I wonder how it feels inside
Here I go 
RT : "Change Factor !!" 
First CNY at K.L. 
Goodnight hope tomorrow is a good day.
有时比不上人家就要承认 而不是不爽 人家可是dream boy 也 我这个曾经的白马王子也就算了吧
Dreaming is the only place that doesnt annoys me
WOW. That disrespect. Dream boy konon.
you are a mood destroyer
seriously I feel like gonna kick everything in my sight
本来都已经很没有mood了. 给妈妈喊喊几下 本来有过夜都取消了 满意了咯. I CLAP FOR YOU
Even moquitoes are bullying me now.
Everything annoys me right now. I feel like this mood gonna last for the whole year.
I AM SO TIRED AND I FELT LIKE GOING TO BE SLEEPING PRINCE
Genting tomorrow. Maybe its the last time for my dad and mum. They're not coming back and they will be Kedah-nese forever.
RT : Not going back to hometown this year. #perlis
 you tuition you tuition you tuition you tuition you tuition you tuition you tuition you tuition you tuition you tuition
Going out for a family dinner. Grumpy me
So tired becaue of One hour non-stop laughing on Serious Sam 2 with buddies.
this year is soooooooo lame. I've got a fucking SPM test. A fucking strange place to mix into. A fucking short CNY holiday. Fucked Up
从小到大第一次在KL过新年没回家乡
RT : Meeting someone with the same music taste is seriously the best thing ever. #music
  Kawaii Neeeeeeeeeeh
FUCK！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！
Lesson learnt！Dont ever touch phone when you just wake up！IT MAY LEAD TO A FUCKING MISUNDERSTANDING！！！！！！
I gotta try something new
I HATE YOU MY LOVE 
I enjoy telling horror stories and modify them into horror-medy stories
  should wrote her opera招牌 on the cake right？
 looooooooooool
 pandai. 那个人不会笑到手震 我好佩服
 那个卖cake的人是华人？
    spicy
   what is'homework'. Something to put into mouth and chew？
 They gonna stand there for 1 week maybe. If I accidentally forgotted them
 no I wont. I'll just put them outside my window
 mine already
Im lying on my bed ALONE. everything back to normal. EVERYTHING
My love. My heart. My everything 
 vinz sleep already
BOOOOOOOOOORING
  秘密
Couples in my room and Im like a LEBIH and a stupid deejay with stupid songs
Pavillion. SHOUT THAT 'BOJIO' 
What I always do when Im on LRT when Im a kid 
 poon thong coming already call me when you reach we at mamak
 come now
 别轻易相信哥 哥是世纪大骗子
 人不可貌相 其实哥是很邪恶的
 I don't look like malay?
 thats me
NOOOOO. FUCKING SCARY
 nonono no weak-heart allowed
 siao we watch EXORCIST really fucking scary
 wanna join? SKYPE
Even the picture is freaking me out I don't think I dare to watch the whole movie
熬夜看鬼戏 因为今天有vinz陪 haha
JOKE WHOLE NIGHT
JOKE
WTF posted a status at facebook to confirm who's going tomorrow but even people that I don't even know come and like that status WHATTHEFUCK
妇产课 xD
 ahahaha welcome welcome
身体滚烫的我竟然还吃麻辣板面 呵呵
YOUR FUCKING NIGHTMAAAAAAAAAAAAARE. 
my body is so hot now. I mean Im gonna fever.
每天这样的走法铁人也会垮啦
伤风到头晕晕脚软还要走那么远的路 你却给我一段不理不睬 沉默的路程
I should'nt do this right now. Mr.Jeremy you can laugh at this too haha 
First try. You are free to laugh 
 EAT IT EAT IT EAT IT！
Staring at my phone. Thinking of : I should go study now. Staring at my book. Thinking of : AFTER CNY
对hor明天有AKAUN T.T
  感谢爱迪生
SCARAMOUSH SCARAMOUSH YOU BETTER DO THAT FANDANGO
IM JUST AWAKE NO REGRET I HAD A GREAT SLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP
Singing 'Human-Christina Perri' while doing homework is a good motivation！
I pray to god that you do
RT @Jeanne_Hottest: 天蝎注定不是一个平常的星座， 最不会讨人欢心，最重自尊， 最讲义气，最有保护欲。 超懒，爱发呆，擅长装傻。 笑起来像个孩子，冷起来是个谜。 有一种想让人多看一眼的独特气质。 喜欢热闹，也享受孤独。 从不轻言爱，因为我们的爱很沉默。
RT @Jeanne_Hottest: 天蝎座总是脸上微笑着，无所谓着，强势着，但是心里却一直流着泪； 天蝎座总是对陌生人冷冷的，但是熟悉了就嘻嘻哈哈； 天蝎座总是表现得很坚强，其实很软弱； 天蝎座总是说自己不孤单，其实很寂寞； 天蝎座总是被人误解，却又不愿解释。天蝎座，很累的。
HELL YEAH. BEST MOMENTS IN MY DAILY LIFE 
没想到我的妹妹是吃大便长大的
如果没有transport就不要去啦 废话讲那么多tok？
继续听歌继续听歌不要吵我
从来没有追某个歌手或某个团体到那么狂热的程度 A7X的歌真的让我高潮(耳朵)啊！
ARRRRRRRRRRR zomok 去年A7X在Sunway的concert我没有去？！！
真的很想找多几个人一起喜欢A7X的歌 然后你当drummer 我当vocalist 他当guitarist 他当base guitarist 他当观众他当security 一起开演唱会 woooohoooo
sebagai insan yang baik kita tidak haruslah mafan here mafan there
mafan punya orang banyak pattern. pattern here pattern there. pattern east pattern west. leceh betul kau ni. sini sakit sana sakit aiyooooor
NIGHTMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARE
 Listening to this now！
Avenged Sevenfold!!!!!! 
Noooo I am seriously in love with Avenged Sevenfold ♥♥♥♥♥
Last year's PMR seminar.  
RT : #np Human - Christina Perri
 FAPPED？
Nonono I gotta stop packing books. No tears please.
  R.I.P. English shortform everywhere
I ........ dont.......... wanna.......... leave........
That chopper hat. That newspaper dress. That papermade-wig. Those memories.. If only I can capture them as a picture and keep it.
'Pretty grim isnt it？' stucked at this exhange for two hours at Vincent's house cause keep fooling around.
Packing books and saw Form 4 literature book. Rose, Percy, Lord Septic, Crouch. That drama we've made together. Owh damn.
和她的一段超级sweet的对话后 感觉很像喝了五瓶 coca-cola. 马桶最好不要有蚂蚁来......
Lod[A] cosplay. 
  我是三分钟热度的:p
 DRILL IT. BANG IT. SCREW IT
Drum 也不错的.
还是算了吧 他一定说 : SPM都搞不定学什么鬼酱多
好想告诉爸爸我想学Electronic Guitar....
Zacky Vengeance ♥ Solo in Sieze The Day MV. SOOOOOOO COOOOOOOL
Oh no. I love electronic guitar solo ♥
 (Sieze The Day- Avenged Sevenfold) Pure Emotions.
M.Shadows.(Matt shadows) Vocalist of Avenged Sevenfold. Has dimples even when he's singing.  
Avenged Sevenfold concert in my room started from 9am morning and ends now.
But Im only human. And I bleed when I fall down
You got what you want！You got the chance to live that KAMPUNG LIFE. NOW JUST FUCKING LEAVE ME ALONE AND SHUT THE FUCK UP！！！！！
I swear Ill be your fucking nightmare.
Even I have my SPM this year you still fucking do that permohonan. You hope for me to study in where I dont belong to. Ill be your nightmare
I rejected to transfer school. But you never respect my choice you are a goddamn dictator. You just do as you wish and hope for me to obey.
Laying on the bed and listen to music. Am I touched you？Whats the problem？dick itchy？You dragged me away from where I belongs to.
Dont you dare to fucking mess with me. You planned this fucking school transfer plan for me without asking my thoughts. Now you mess with me
Diving deep into Avenged sevenfold's song this morning！
#np Dear God - Avenged Sevenfold
Avenged sevenfold gave me goosebumps early in the morning
RT : 几时还会有像昨天那样的一天 ~ :'D
Really gonna miss this moment....
Gangs in da room! One month later this room will be blank. Even it's owner will be gone.......
I'll fucking kill you with what the fuck I have.
Captain China 
好想参加Solar car 比赛....
没想到中华最让我舍不得的老师是Pn.Chin和她的physics课... 去年我还曾经多么的讨厌她的课
告诉Pn.Chin我要转校是 竟然莫名其妙的伤心了...
A7X song to sleep！
今晚发神经逼人听歌 能找到的人都被我叫去听歌了
 sambil buat sambil listen la deng
 nonono no queen. just a7x tonight haa
 listen. Dear God - Avenged Sevenfold
Shi Jie you got to sleep no more surfing youtube for Avenged Sevenfold please.
 anywhere I would've followed you
Dear God - Avenged Sevenfold. Recommended hardly by me. Listen to this song ！
Seriously can I meet more fans of Avenged Sevenfold so that we can sing together
Boring periods tomorrow. Cant tie up my hair in class tomorrow ....
I like hairstyle with a pony tail behind. Looks so punky！Cool！
RT : 天蝎很冷，很多人第一次和蝎子接触， 应该都会觉得蝎子像一座冰山。 话不多，静静地听着大家说话。 但是如果你多接触几次蝎子， 你就会发现，原来他也是喜欢开玩笑的， 喜欢打打闹闹的，嘻嘻哈哈的， 像个永远长不大的活宝。
太太太太太太太太太可爱了我爸爸 haha. 听说他年轻的时候是万人迷哦 haha. 那为什么选择我妈妈呢？没人知道 haha
以前我每天pumping 和 sit up的时候. 他骂我不要硬硬来 你不是muscle的类型 还阻止我练 结果我早上五点多被一个声音吵醒 原来是他pumping到一半手软整个身体撞地上
记得上次我和爸爸吵架 他做了一件很好笑的事. 吵了架都是互相不说话的. 我去冲个凉出来看到他坐在sofa在玩 PS2. 脸臭到够力我以为他又要骂我所以就躲进房间. 十分钟后出来他还是坐在那边脸臭臭. 过去看 原来他的keeper中红卡 不知道怎样办 所以他坐在那边十分钟等奇迹发生
ttttttttttttttiiiiiiiiiiiiiirrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeedddddddd. I need to sleep.
Why cancel event？
多嘴. 活该
You are such a loser. :)
吐血
Muahahhahahahahahaha. SLENDERMAN
An idea suddenly popped out about what to do when buddies come to my house tomorrow. SLENDERMAN
I need some emo song I like to be emo
Craving for some super nice music now！
I WILL JUST PASS BY I WONT STAY LONG.
听了爸爸说一大堆搬家的好处...
偷看我？看我咬你 
 12pm come. daddy say still.need to go tuition you guys wait me at house frm 3.00 - 4.30
 那就好
 我知道 :D 我就是要这样 :D
 I dont want anyone to sad only
我超级珍惜的第一天过了 还好班上没有因为我的即将离去而满满伤心的气氛 有人笑 有人闹 一切如常 :)
I'm back. School tomorrow
Stepped into KL.
明天去到学校绝对不可以sad.
OMG. Headache. 5-6 hours more to reach KL. FUCK
Try to postpone till after CNY.
I need time. As much as possible. Trying to postpone the transfer date.
 ape ni :p
Only dota can let me forgot my sadness. I dont wanna stop
I wanna spend my last week in school with good memories not being punished by teacher..
Damn it I'm so fail even last week in school I'm still cant even finish my homework..
Now I miss everything. Even homework from Chong Hwa. Oh God......
OH SHIT I FORGOT TO BRING MY HOMEWORK.
Take a sad sooong, and make it betteeerr
Mum and dad went to Kementerian Pendidikan Alor Setar early in the morning......
Cant even have a long sleep here.
Sleepless night. I dont wanna leave....
一年罢了 我一直这样告诉自己
看见她憔悴的脸 我心疼 都是因为我 .Sorry my dear
此人受不了要搬家的刺激 
 easy mission. wont die haha
读书要剪光头 星期日上课星期五放假. 这里是火星吗？妈妈我想回家 T.T
我得习惯这里的一切
 one year later.
