 Annotations: 全球股市大跌，美国和中国的经济数据令人失望，包括土耳其、印度和南非在内的主要发展中国家仓促加息，以及弥漫在公司业绩电话会议上的失望情绪。 不过越来越多的迹象显示，股市年初大跌主要是因为人们对经济增长以...
 Annotations: 哪怕是世界第二大经济体中国也会被甩在背后好几十年。美国总统奥巴马最近甚至在发表 国情咨文时承诺，今年最能吸引境外投资的国家不再是中国，而是美国。他表示，美国经济已经为21世纪的到来作好了最充分的准备。 ...
 Annotations: Intel, like many non-Chinese companies, has installed additional air filters in its facilities in Chi...
 "For now, I'm awaiting the delivery of 500 new paper rectangles so people will know how to email, text or tweet at...
 Annotations: So what happens to Westerners, as we grow into adults, that causes us to lose this ability? This is p...
 Annotations: The evolution of the middle class means that sophisticated and seasoned shoppers—those able and willi...
 Annotations: It’s also remarkably cost-efficient: France paid 12.8 billion euros in 2007 to educate just over 2.5 ...


Tags: Consumer Market
 Annotations: On January 10, 2009, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco rej...
 Annotations: 　　在《谈革命》系列，俺还提到过另一个话题：在任何一个国家中，“沉默的大多数”总是占了大部分的比例。这些人对于政治变革而言，既不是动力，也不是阻力——他们只是打酱油的（旁观者）。恰恰是因为“沉默的...
 Annotations: But very few have all the elements required: talent, resources and perseverance. Microsoft has proven...
 Annotations: 这一群体在生活必需品上的花费小于50%，而且其消费行为和消费习惯有别于其他阶层。上述定义的中产阶级在2000年仅占中国城市家庭的4%，而到2012年，这一数字已增长到了68%。在未来十年内，推动中国中产...


Tags: Design visualization


Tags: Design


Tags: IOT IOE SmartHome


Tags: IOT IOE
 Annotations: "Let's say you've built a really nice thing. For now, let's call it a macguffin. Your passion is to b...


Tags: visualization
 Annotations: 菲律宾裔的Santos是CKB168创始人，沈、梁分别来自加拿大和香港，均是集团的高管；八名华裔推手各自在纽约、拉斯维加斯和加州为集团进行宣传活动，并从投资人手中接受资金；不少人在当地本是有头面的华商，...


Tags: IOT IOE SmartHome


Tags: IOT IOE
 Annotations: Create HK   Create Smart Innovation Technology Fund   The Innovation and Technology Support Prog...
 Annotations: 如果许先生不反对，对此次判决的讨论，从法理上应该是没有障碍的。不过我敢打赌，中国的网站，电视台，和报纸不会对此案进行认真的报道和评论。这里的逻辑可以有一个推论，许先生的表达诉求的合法方式如果不能进...
 Annotations: Google is making a wide variety of Chrome APIs available for these apps, including ways to authentica...
 Annotations:

中国首富王健林批评外国嘉宾“挤兑中国”引发的热议，以及参会嘉宾对于中国经济前景的讨论。
 Annotations: That seemed like enough reason to carry around the 6-inch Android phone for the past week, but it als...


Tags: data visualization visualization
 Annotations: Muybridge decided to take matters into his own hands. He shot Larkyns through the heart. When Muybrid...
 Annotations: In 1874 he shot and killed Major Harry Larkyns, his wife's lover, but was acquitted in a jury tria...
 Annotations: The Zipi is a Kickstarter project that appears humble and almost silly on the surface, but that actua...


Tags: Future intelligence AI


 Annotations: And in the process, we’re going to raise awareness about an imprisoned open-source developer with ...
 Annotations: Despite hitting a record, iPhone sales of 51 million during the quarter were below the 54 million exp...
 Annotations: By her own account, she came to writing books in a meandering way. Born in Philadelphia but raised in...
 Annotations: 　　有分析人士认为，谷歌将通过收购Nest正式进军硬件市场，对此，施密特说道，“其实我们早已经进入了硬件领域，我们拥有摩托罗拉品牌的手机业务，并发布了一系列的新机，同时我们还有完整的Nexus智能...
 Annotations: First deployed by the Royal Air Force during the second world war, radio frequency identification (RF...
 Annotations: Other Google AI experts include Jeff Dean and Anna Patterson, and the company also recently hired ...
 Annotations: 公司原名“东京通信工业株式会社”（日文音译：Tokyo Tsushin Kogyo）、（Tokyo Telecommunications Engineering Company），在逐渐迈入国际化...
 Annotations:

星聚科技跟Beats商业模式类似，主要针对明星粉丝用户。星聚科技的耳机采用Android系统，有4G存储功能，可以放音乐，听豆瓣电台等应用，还可通过语音聊微信。
 Annotations: “We helped fuel national growth with 2G services in the 1990s, 3G in the 2000s and 4G around 2010,” t...
 Annotations: 50% of subscribers buy album downloads every month and 26% buy CDs every month (see figure).  In thi...
 Annotations: US digital music sales declined in 2013 for the first time since the launch of Apple’s iTunes store i...
 Annotations: MusicQubed, Bloom.fm and Psonar. Instead Beats Music should focus on hard bundling into Beats headph...


Tags: 2013
 Annotations: We have six companies, including 58(NYSE:WUBA), 500Wan（NYSE:WBAI）, AutoHome(NYSE:ATHM), Lightinthebox...

 Annotations: Fifty years ago, the country was poorer than Bolivia and Mozambique; today, it is richer than New Zea...
 Annotations: 中国的硬件创业团队在与制造产业资源接洽，并量产出全新的产品这个过程里有着得天独厚的优势。然而就目前来看，少有中国团队能够在全球的众筹平台上取得成功，这其中的诸多障碍也一目了然。这些能够越过障碍，以...
 Annotations: 　　国家统计局对2012年30.8万家企业电子商务交易额的调查发现，在制造业企业中，富泰华在当年的电子商务交易额高达1746.31亿元。排名第二的是国家电网公司，其当年电子商务交易额为843.6亿元；第...
 Annotations: A number of factors could be contributing to colony collapse, de Souza says. He cites biological dive...
 Annotations: There is a science to airfare: The day, time of day, and the time of the month that you book matter. ...
 Annotations: 或许默不作声是当时最聪明的作法。然而当时这个念头并没有划过我的脑海，不知是因为刚从美国回来的我习惯了心直口快，还是和姥姥多年不常见的我仍然惦记着她的开明和直爽——小时候的我和父母来看望姥姥时，总是无话不...
 Annotations: The electricity generated by the tether as it swings through the Earth's magnetic field is expecte...
 Annotations: 但这次不同，从抓包的结果看来，“一问一答”，并没有多余的回应包。即使DNS是境外的8.8.8.8，也是如此。境内的DNS，尚有别的办法可以进行控制。境外的DNS，必须是在DNS查询/回应包的转发路径上对...
 Annotations:

纽约时报中文网2013年度盘点

中国电影票房年度盘点及排行榜

2013年十大热门国内科技公司
 Annotations: That looks set to change thanks to the work of Erich Schikuta and Erwin Mann at the University of Vie...
 Annotations: While there are here are 5 major tech hubs in the US (SF, NYC, Boston, LA, Austin) and a similar numb...

 Annotations: 一名西班牙记者在资料库里搜索海量数据，匹配上述名单的人名与ICIJ掌握的离岸密档人名。更棘手的问题出现了：密档里中国人的人名都是罗马拼音，这大大增加了匹配难度，因为中文的罗马拼音可以有不同的写法：“王”...
 Annotations: We wanted to build a music service that combined the freedom of an on-demand subscription service...
 Annotations:

在北京，严重的大气污染频繁发生，作为多年来的高增长的副作用，环境问题已经成为中国整个国家面临的课题。中国本应借鉴日本的经验和技术，而政治对立阻碍双方合作的现状可以说对双方人民来讲都是不幸的
 Annotations: 这个请愿由三位妇女发起，她们引用了中国毒婴儿奶粉， 死猪抛入河流，中国宠物食品在美国造成数千只宠物猫狗生病、死亡等例子指责中国在食品安全上记录恶劣，   美国农业部2013年8月裁定中国的加工程序符合...
 Annotations: SHANGHAI OFFICE   邮编:200127   上海浦东新区峨山路77号 金牛大厦北楼501   Tel: +86(0)21-5093-91...   
 Annotations: 「樂施毅行者」是香港最大型的遠足籌款活動。自1986年以來，先後有73,000多名參加者為這項活動合共籌得超過3億6千5百萬港元，以支持樂施會在本港、中國內地、非洲及亞洲其他地區推行扶貧救災和倡議工作。...
 Annotations: 奥克斯·苏兹贝格（Ochs-Sulzberge）家族已经营《纽约时报》117年时间，并通过B级股牢固地掌握着这家公司。这些股份并没有在任何公开市场上交易。此前也有人声称希望收购《纽约时报》，但同样遭遇了...


Tags: sharism AI


Tags: art
 Annotations: The new OS is claimed to allow the device to more easily integrate with online services, and the 240 ...
 Annotations: In a digital world, successful campaigns approach marketing as content, rather than as disruptions to...
 Annotations: As Product Red is a private company, a portion of the contributions received from the partner brands ...
 Annotations: When you buy (RED) from the world’s most iconic brands, they donate up to 50% of the proceeds to fig...
 Annotations: Netatmo, creator of the world’s first personal weather station with air quality sensors, has been nam...
 Annotations: Nexus7 variants without 3G support map their user data partition (UDA) to mmcblk0p9, where variants w...
 Annotations: Although Captain Jones was ordered to pay Collins $10,800, he never did.[4] A city council welfare...


Tags: device IOT
 Annotations: We live in a blocky world of glowing glass rectangles. Gorilla Glass is pretty great stuff. Although...
 Annotations: Happened to me when I forgot to flash the "saucy-preinstalled-touch-armhf.zip" it's the one file that...
 Annotations: How to start ubuntu-touch on Nexus 7 3G Tilapia (nakasig)?      sudo add-apt-repository ppa:phable...
 Annotations: adb reboot fastboot fastboot flash recovery saucy-preinstalled-recovery-armel+grouper.img fastboot...
 Annotations: Advanced: By default, this Owncloud install works with SQLite. If you prefer MySQL or Postgres, you'l...
 Annotations: 直到惨案发生的那个周六晚之前，这个家庭一直是成千户贫穷移民家庭之一，这些来自中国东南部福建省福州市附近的城镇和乡村的移民成批地离开老家，来到日落公园定居。   任何人都能从陈闽东的QQ空间上看出他的...
 Annotations: On average, they switched between devices including mobile phones, tablets and laptops 21 times over ...
 Annotations: In looking at the behavior of 200 Brits during one evening, OMD found that the average person shifted...
 Annotations: OMD是全球最大的媒体购买公司之一，而 OMD英国 的《英国之未来》研究项目的调查结果显示，当人们在家中的时候，一个小时中注意力在不同设备（电视、平板、电脑、智能手机、笔记本等）之间的转换平均高达21次...
 Annotations: "I am a sociopath," explaining "I am strategic and canny, I am intelligent and confident and charming...
 Annotations: executive function Enter Planning and Execution Assistant and Trainer (PEAT), Brainaid’s customizabl...
 Annotations:

如果你在美国各地问别人，“你是中产阶级吗？”对方很可能回答是的。但在曼哈顿问同样的问题，人们就会困惑不语，不确定你究竟指的是什么。

 
 Annotations: The brand is named after a play on the words “why not?” and sets out to challenge fashion conventions...
 Annotations: Asked about the ordeal, Bezos -- in a comment relayed via Amazon -- responded: "Galapagos: five st...
 Annotations: Saint Augustine proposed that the present is a knife edge between the past and the future and could n...
 Annotations: We apparently fear death because we believe that we will no longer exist after we die. But if Eternal...
 Annotations: The BRCK is a ruggedised modem and wireless access point. It mops up power from mains or battery as r...
 Annotations:   A satellite view of Beijing and its eastern neighbour, Tianjin Source: NASA   It's a long time s...
 Annotations: The students also showed an increase in connectivity in one of the brain's sensory motor regions. “Th...
 Annotations:

范忠信：〝结果我们想的太天真了吧，应该说，那种对新人新政的过高期望，应该受到这样一种制裁。〞
 Annotations: by Valleywag in early December, the company is on track to beat investor expectations and bring in mo...
 Annotations: Jeremiah Grossman and Paul Kocher, to find out how they keep their information safe. Mr. Grossman was...
 Annotations:

estimated delivery
 Annotations: Author Dana Goodyear has spent a lot of time dining with foodies who champion bugs as a meal. And hor...
 Annotations: This year, Dorsey’s other company is considering its own IPO: Square, the payments-industry startup w...
 Annotations: 这家全球最大零售商已承诺向那些在其门店购买了“五香驴肉”产品的中国消费者作出赔偿，原因是一供应商在这种颇受欢迎的食品中掺入了狐狸肉。   沃尔玛已召回在中国东部城市济南门店销售的“五香驴肉”产品，此前...
 Annotations: 万达并没有把中国人送去管美国院线，而是基本维持了AMC现有管理团队，根据公司的业绩表现向员工提供丰厚的现金奖励。AMC在募股说明书中称，净收入每增长100万美元，奖金就会提高5%，CEO最多可以拿到超过...
 Annotations:

当监控目标购买电脑时，NSA 可能会让电脑中途运到 NSA 的秘密工作室，为电脑安装监控软件和硬件，为日后的政府监控打开后门。
 Annotations: The new approach, used in both hardware and software, is being driven by the explosion of scientif...
 Annotations: He's not sure it works as a store of value or a medium of exchange, but is open to arguments in favor...
 Annotations: 因“他对权力结构描绘，以及他那反抗、起义、失败的犀利印象”获颁2010年诺贝尔文学奖。2011年2月3日，被西班牙国王依Real Decreto 134/2011号令，成为第一代巴尔加斯·尤萨侯爵（Ma...
 Annotations: Mario Vargas Llosa, whose novels explore the troubles and horrors of Peru and Latin America. For year...
 Annotations:

　　龎銚也喜歡一些符號性的東西，帶有勞動記憶的鐵釘就是現階段愛用的符號之一，像是要釘住畫面元素，也像是文字中的逗點，有所停頓，又即將繼續，有具象的符碼，也有抽象的寓意。
 Annotations: Almost 2 years now. From the moment I had a 3D printer I set up an Etsy store to try to make this hob...
 Annotations:

除非捐助人註明以「無名氏」匿名捐獻，否則民研計劃保留公佈捐助人的名稱及捐助款額的權利。
 Annotations: Unless Goodreads is a must-have app for you, it's a tempting, but largely unnecessary upgrade if you ...
 Annotations:

1956年参与筹建中央工艺美术学院，任副院长。1957年被划为右派，撤销职务，遭到批斗。文革期间任装饰美术系教师。1979年恢复名誉。1980年加入中国共产党。1983年举办建国以来第一次个人画展。
 Annotations: Isaac Asimov described Sagan as one of only two people he ever met whose intellect surpassed his o...
 Annotations: 张颂仁回应了，回应得非常滴水不漏：他只是帮朋友在收这些作品，他只负责还他收到了且清点到的作品。20年之前，5个箱子离开中国，去了意大利，然后去了中国被退回了香港。到了香港后，张颂仁的下级告诉他只有4个箱...
 Annotations: Plummer and Huawei have long complained that when the U.S. House Intelligence Committee released a re...
 Annotations:

users spent over 18 billion listening hours in 2013
 Annotations: I mean, the way we look at what Uber is is it's the cross between lifestyle, which is give me what I ...
 Annotations: nipping most credit card fraud in the bud. Bitcoin-based payment services would have both the author...
 Annotations: 格鲁夫还谈到了谷歌环聊（按：即Google Hangouts，用户可以用来与朋友或家人进行一对一或一对多的即时视频对话）。他说，另一项重大的变革就是环聊，它是个非常强大的视频平台，现在各种播放功能还在持...
 Annotations: Photograph by Ng Han Guan/AP Photo Chinese delegates attending a meeting at the Great Hall of the Pe...
 Annotations: In 2012, Renditions, the world’s leading periodical devoted to translations from Chinese into English...
 Annotations: The robot's software is based on ROS (Robot Operating System), an open source BSD Unix-based OS which...
 Annotations:

Protection classification: IP50
 Annotations: That is a marked shift from today’s machines, which are kept safely isolated from humans, either insi...
 Annotations: in fostering an exchange of products and information, ‘hyperlocal market’, an online food exchange pl...
 Annotations:

上海图书馆有一个家谱室，经常有一些老先生拄着拐杖到那里去，问有没有他们祖上的家谱。其中很多是从海外过来的，他们为什么要到这里来找家谱。因为人是需要有一个历史脉络的，追寻家族历史便是表现之一。
 Annotations: 　　去年，中国整个电子书(电子阅读器)的销量超过100万台。爱国者电子科技有限公司总裁兼CEO曾表示，销售看似火爆，实则存在明显的增长瓶颈：一是价格，售价在2000～3000元以上的产品是很难普及的；二...
 Annotations: This paper examines how ambient noise, an important environmental variable, can affect creativity. Re...
 Annotations: Pulling up a seat at your favorite coffee shop may be the most efficient way to write a paper or fini...
 Annotations:

柯达首先发明了数码摄影技术，但自己却错过了数码摄影领域的诸多机遇，最终数码摄影摧毁了该公司以胶卷为主的商业模式。
 Annotations: 從外表來看，我復原的似乎相當快（還因此減了7公斤），家母則仍然擔心血塊的消散速度和血壓控制，之前隨著復健醫生就我該鍛鍊的肌群和靈敏、平衡感給我指引和訓練身體復原的不錯，我自己則嘗試在有限的資訊來源和時間...
 Annotations: Dr. Brene Brown’s 2010 TED Talk on “The Power of Vulnerability” has gotten nearly 12.5 million vie...
 Annotations: Adobe’s lack of tooling over the years left a nice open gap which has seen products like Sketch, T...
 Annotations: Apple, often the hotbed of “new,” mostly just updated familiar devices in different colors and with c...
 Annotations: Observable properties are also structured resources, with their own RDF descriptions and Subscription...
 Annotations: Players developed over 5,400 different recipes, both by creating new algorithms and by modifying a...
 Annotations: Based on low-power chips, the MotoX’s touchless controls are a breakthrough whose implications we wil...
! Annotations: The value of bitcoin increased at least 10-fold in 2013, thanks to heavy investment—by the media, wh...
 Annotations:                                                                                     Paul Salopek’s D...
 Annotations: **The V60 is a 60 watt-hour power source that has 4 different DC voltage output selections and is opt...
 Annotations: That’s when Ethan Zuckerman and Nate Matias at the Center for Civic Media at MIT came to the rescue. ...
 Annotations: Now, much of manufacturing, including that of Shanghai, moved west, because of the availability of ch...
 Annotations: Chromebooks accounted for 21 percent of all laptop sales and almost 10 percent of all computer sales ...
 Annotations: Apple’s iOS devices were used to make 23 percent of all e-commerce orders, according to a report yest...
 Annotations: 《修辞要素》(The Elements of Eloquence)作者马克•弗塞斯(Mark Forsyth)就持这样的观点：他认为修辞手法是可以学的，写出漂亮文字的本事不是天生的。他为此举出莎士比亚的...
 Annotations:  Chromebooks accounted for 21 percent of all laptop sales and almost 10 percent of all computer sales...
 Annotations: It also worked without error when the Moon was low on the horizon, forcing the laser to pass through ...
 Annotations: 夏业良还向德国之声透露，他的言行彻底激怒中共当局，他也 成为党国黑名单上的人 ，中国国内包括《南都周刊》、《南都人物周刊》等媒体都曾采访他，但关于他的报道都不能发出；几天前央视邀请他录制一档评论节目，刚...
 Annotations: The region will offer all the basics of course — EC2 servers, S3 storage, RDS databases — as well as ...
 Annotations: IDC estimates that IT spending in emerging countries will grow 13 percent year over year, led by Chin...
 Annotations: but the leadership’s celebrations of his legacy are an alarming reminder that China has a long way to...
 Annotations: Franz Johansson has thought a lot about it, and the way he defines it as something that is both no...
 Annotations: A BHAG encourages companies to define visionary goals that are more strategic and emotionally compell...



Shanghai and Mexico city look terrible. 

Annotations:

17. Mexico City

     
 Annotations: A Boulder, Colo., startup called Revolv raised $4 million in seed financing to become the “universal ...
 Annotations: Etherios also offers Wireless Design Services that help customers navigate the complex, costly and ti...
 Annotations:

百度日语输入法默认设置表示反馈数据不会外传。但分析发现，百度在后台将这些数据加密后上传至百度服务器，且几乎含所有用户输入的全部信息。
 Annotations: Based on Qualcomm’s QSC6270-Turbo chipset and Gobi modem for 3G connections, the Internet of Everythi...
 Annotations: Qualcomm and AT&amp;T join a growing community of machine-to-machine (M2M) companies working to make the ...
 Annotations: The Internet of Everything combines several trends, including the growth of connected devices, the in...
 Annotations: "Internet of Everything" — which combines the so-called Internet of Things with the Internet used by ...
 Annotations: 这是谷歌试水中国数字营销市场的一个小动作，也可谓送给中国企业的小福利。    2013年，华为Ascend P6上市期间，谷歌与华为合作实施了覆盖搜索引擎、展示广告、视频广告各平台的全面推广方案。其...
 Annotations: 2013年Huawei Ascend P6上市期间，Google与华为合作实施了覆盖搜索引擎、展示广告、视频广告各平台的全面推广方案，该机型的纤薄机身、美颜相机等特性得到了全球用户的认可和赞誉。 华为终...
 Annotations: 从这种混合了中西、传统和现代的某些思想资源而成的意志主义出发，他试图改变人性，建造人间“大同”，“六亿神州尽舜绕”，将以康有为为滥觞、嫁接了西方粗俗的左派思潮而成的近代中国乌托邦思想付诸实践。 靠千千...
 Annotations: 　　目前通过广电总局验收的平台只有7家(即7大牌照方)，它们分别是：CNTV、百视通(36.69,0.88,2.46%)、南方传媒、华数、中国国际广电电台的CIBN、湖南广电以及中央人民广播电台的CNB...
 Annotations: 其兼容Airplay、DLNA、Miracast等多媒体共享协议，支持搜狐视频、腾讯视频、PPTV等应用，拥有杜比与DTS授权。 2012年11月22日晚，小米科技发布公告称从11月23日起小米盒子暂...
 Annotations: “十年青春空飞扬，人未老，报先亡，新识旧友，何处诉离肠。千简万牍著文章，朝随露，夜伴霜。一夜北风旗幡乱，刀笔断，鸟弓藏，青丝白发，谁人不彷徨。往昔峥嵘随流水，落花黄，晚报殇”——这一曲丧钟挽歌，昨天下午...
 Annotations: The Cracked layout is painful to look at. Your eyes squint and dart, constantly second-guessing wh...
 Annotations: 第一次听到对中医的反对之声来自于老罗语录，时间大概是2006年。老罗语录里有一段是将中医和中药的，那段音频里老罗对中医中药的信众用了一个单词来评价：Gullibility（易上当的、易受骗的）。现在回头...
 Annotations: 64-core version of the Parallella computer would deliver over 90 GFLOPS of performance and would h...
 Annotations: Second, and more importantly, the company states that it receives over RMB 30 million (about $4.9 mil...
 Annotations: Designer Franz von Holzhausen sexy, mainstream, and a threat to the rest of the automobile industry ...
 Annotations: Taking up the number one and two spots on the Billboard Charts in the U.K. and the U.S. respectively,...
 Annotations: You can see from the map that the rover has left the lander behind, embarking on her lunar journey, t...
 Annotations: CES is under a month away, and we'd be surprised if the show floor wasn't crawling with watches. If a...
 Annotations: The poorly thought-out tech product for women hardly needs an introduction. Rare is the week that goe...
 Annotations: “They see kids come into their introductory classes, year after year after year, and get stuck on cer...
 Annotations: The SX-70, in short, was an analog precursor to today’s smartphone cameras, with coat-pocket porta...
 "Steve said some of their parents might have a problem with this, but he’s set up an online store for the aspiring...
 Annotations: The DesignSmart Initiative provides up to HK$100,000 funding for SMEs to invest in design projects.  ...
 Annotations: 16.7 billion yuan (HK$21.11 billion) this year, representing a 54 per cent increase from 10.8 bill...
 Annotations:

consumer technology category
 Annotations: For projects approved for funding, funding support of up to HK$6 million will be provided on a dol...
 Annotations: Each client makes a small amount of encrypted data (based on secret i presume) and stores it somewher...
 Annotations: 生物醫學界起先利用拉克斯名和姓字首命名的海拉細胞株（HeLa）研發出小兒麻痺疫苗，還用來研發抗癌、流感和帕金森氏症的藥物，甚至研究基因體圖譜和複製技術。海拉細胞也被用來測試核輻射的影響，並被送上外太空進...
 Annotations: It is said that China wanted to buy in to the International Space Station consortium, a program th...
 Annotations: Issac Mao from Shanghai China spoke about blogging in his country. He writes the English language blo...
 Annotations: Similarly, particles smaller than 2.5 micrometers, PM2.5, tend to penetrate into the gas exchange ...
 Annotations: The Chinese-language websites of The Wall Street Journal and Reuters were recently blocked, and those...
 Annotations: 今年6月底，我又一次回到拉萨，与我的先生和两位朋友一起。我同样面临没有“进藏许可证明”的困扰。不过这一回有关方面似乎给我开了绿灯，同意我享受进藏汉人的待遇，仅凭一张身份证即可进入拉萨。然而，正如我...
 Annotations: Apple’s response to the request of Chinese authorities is “similar to other businesses active in the ...
 Annotations:

Personally, I can’t even begin to understand why this wasn’t implemented at device launch.
 Annotations: Wolfram 说，视定义的不同，目前全球大约有 100-150 亿台计算机，而且很多设备内部也有计算机。在不久的将来，几乎所有的东西都将由计算机组成—甚至很小的东西。到那时，计算的作用甚至比现在还要大...
 Annotations: The seeds of the overthrow of Microsoft's hegemony were sown. But there was no real time web - Google...
 Annotations: 1、复利会让你富有，但变富得花时间。   巴菲特是了不起，可他像这样当上数一数二的巨富是因为他60多年都是了不起的投资者。   他现在600亿美元的资产净值里，有597亿美元是在过了50岁生日以后...
 Annotations: When the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on NASA’s Terra satellite acquired thi...
 Annotations: Professor Theodore W. Berger, director of the Center for Neural Engineering at the University of Sout...
