 累了就歇一会儿，休息是为了走更长远的路。你行的，加油！:3
 gigit you punya pantat tu hahahahahaa
屁股酸
RT : how I feel about math 
I have my responsibilities too. They may appear as child's play to you, but at least acknowledge that I value them as much as you do yours.
 自然就习惯了
 那刷烂人家校服的屁孩怎么办？hahahaha
 Tepuk tangan piak piak piak
 那我还是自己缝好了 hahahahaha
 不要，我赖定你了 hahahahahaa
 帮我缝回去咯  hahahaha
 Uitz 有做贤妻良母的料诶 hahahahaaa
 如果是校服的话会哭着来刷 hahahahaa
 Lower back part of my shirt. White shirt lagi ohh haih @.@
Walking in the rain.
Wet shoes are such a pain.
Oh buggers is that a stain?
Damn all these muddy plains.
够力了
 Yes mom, I'll be careful hahahaaa
 I'm back babehh hahahaa~ Deleted the weird posts, but not sure if the bug is still there lol
 Smoking hot kah? Hahahahaaa
Don't drop hints please, I'm blunt as frick.
This is confusing.
 Haha.. not sure what you're dealing with, but whatever it is, it'll pass. Just hang in there okay? 加油！
 乖啦别撞墙，我陪你撞豆腐
听老母的话，她直觉往往准到吓死人 :目
 I miss you too sayang
没事的，别钻牛角尖了。
 Let it goooooo, let it goooooo :DD
 
 Today I feel pretty. Today I feel witty. Today I feel.bright. Can you guess the song? ;D
 Kelefeh pun kelefeh yg paling best lah kan hahahaa~ What's the movie called?
 Movie? Hot dayumn I want your autograph hahahahaa
 you went bbq-ing at the beach?
Being a teacher is tiring /.\
I'm proud of you,
I believe in you.
RT : Today's mantra: rah-rah-rah-ramen
I bit the inside of my cheek while yawning what am I doing with my life
Noodle arms and jelly legs
Tripped and scraped my knee again. At least I managed to land gracefully right when the cute guy looked this way lol
Thank you. It's been one hell of a ride ;)
Survivors were born.
RT : Changed my profile pic to support #tombRaider tmw. Regardless of if we win i am so proud of everyone who was part of t…
Tangled in a mess of feels
Anticipation.
All those precaution and I still managed to poke myself in the eye somehow lol
I have a strong feeling that this shit is gonna come back and bite me in the ass :目
Let's hope it's just a swollen joint.
Omg that is so cool.
Missed that one GPS cache somehow and now it's stressing me out haiyaa :目
Well excuse me for being so "void of emotion" and "ignorant" but I just don't feel comfortable talking about this topic can I go now
 Cuz that's what cool people like us do hahaaa do you read Attack on Titan?
 Not much either :/ Catch up on 5 months worth of movies and games maybe hahahaaa
Holy shit that was intense.
 ahahaa the wait is hard to bear xD what are you doing for the holidays? Anything special? :)
I need you please download faster.
But you don't even read half of those
That amount of pent up anger is dangerous as fuck don't you dare push any further.
My lips are so dry I can barely feel them :/
 Ada, tapi x cukup protection hahahaaa plus it was raining a little at the time
 Crocker Range park at Tambunan. Chalet lah, malam sejuk sampai x blh tidur oh hahahaa
 Obviously not hahahaaa baru balik dari class trip bha
 Aiyerrr :目 Oh how about reading something? Have you read The Hunger Games Trilogy? They're really good.
 Ohh okay lah tu. Watch tutorials on Youtube! Kill time + learn some cool stuff simultaneously! :DD
 Oh you're travelling solo? Kenaper x p dgn family?
 Huh your parents kerja di Kedah?
 Kan ada internet.. kenaper tidak p jln2?
 Ohh kenaper x happy ni?
 I mister you hahahahaa~ Mana kau oh?
 Khinzerr.
People.
It's hard to function with an injured thumb :(
冷死了 睡不着
RT : Tomb Raider is up for five #VGX awards, including #VGXBestXbox – show your support here: 
PS4 man look at that beauty can I touch it please?
:DDDDDD
I may or may not have subjected myself to food-poisoning, and the sense of impending doom is disturbing as hell argh
Don't sleep don't sleep you can't sleep now just one more chapter come on
Okay that probably wasn't the best idea
Something warm and cuddly.
Why did I do that
That was three times why you no stay in the Pokeball!?
Yes food is good yes.
This is agonizing err mah gerd.
It burnsssss D:
跟我走吧 好不好？
Stop force-feeding your brain with knowledge nigga it don't work that way.
For fuck's sake not you too.
 Ehh try reading "Fiction" followed immediately by "Fiksyen"
 tak faham aper? Come I teach you hahaa
Someone ate all the chips. FOOD CRISIS.
Shit just got real. Damn it STPM.
Hahahaa  khinzerr yg paling best di seluruh dunia.
 3 pairs actually. Hari ini pakai satu pasang, 1 and a half pasang dicuri oleh anjing =.=
 Stocking saya digigit oleh anjing jiran. Sekarang saya tiada stocking sudah .__.
Well that was depressing.
RT : Bioluminescent bloom makes beach a magical minefield 
