说过的话已不重要,可是我从不曾忘掉
 Never jio then say bojio, Got jio then pangseh. Nb
Finally end work. So tired..
#part2 
This troll never fails hahaha #part1 
Fucking hungry omg
Thanks da jie~ #gift #braunbuffel #cardholder 
Does hardwork and sincerity really gets paid off?
You still exist in my heart.
I guess i loved you too foolishly.
Changi Orientation tomorrow, Samsung training on thursday. Why so many waste-time-activity this week wtf
Changi orientation tomorrow. Omfg sibei boliao.
Superglue stained on shirt. Pants too tight. Late for work. Bad day jeremy.. bad day.. #badluckjeremy
Just by listening to the song brings back memories of those days
RT : How to get out of trouble when you didn't have enough time to finish your assignment 
I just want friends around me to be happy, but some times it turns out to be me being nosy.
My stm is getting worst.. Much more worst.. I guess i'll get senile soon..
I'm afraid that when i step back you will take a step closer. I'm afraid that i will end up in the middle of nowhere. Just feeling so lost..
 okok good
 but i heard you still kenna sent home isit? Hahaha
RT : anyone? 
Supper = fats ! 
Tonning with this asshole after so many days of work!!! 
Just 1 hour and 34 mins more to end work and offday!!!
I stare up at the stars, i wonder just where you are, you feel a million miles away..
"Us", a word i can't spell without u.
 the group is dead. C'mon make it alive
 HAHAHA I WANNA SEE YOU WALKING THERE
": Don't listen or think about anything other people say about you. Just live your life and prove them wrong."
": Cock up here and there just wanna dc everything and go sleep"
Yes .. ": Do you ever wish you had a second chance to meet someone again for the first time?"
RT : Teenager that grew up too fast.
RT : ": Be strong, things will get better."
RT : I NEED MORE SLEEP BUT THERE IS NO TIME FOR ME TO SLEEP AND SCHOOL IS STARTING ON MONDAY
In hopes you're on the other side, talking to me too .
If i keep trying will it make you fall in love with me?
Birthday Gift for Mom♡ #bonia 
This ": I still like you, but I'm done chasing you."
Arm fucking pain..
Going work now . Sibei the early
Cause you are the piece of me, i wish i didn't need.
 ..?
I know sorry doesn't mean anything anymore. I have no idea how things become so fucked up too..
Start work lo.. This marks an end to my freedom. No more disturbance to your life. Sorry for the past, sorry for everything..
Eat less . Smoke more .
It's been exactly a month since i last saw you
明年会更好 ..
I'll look forward to every new year countdown . Until you are here with me..
或许我永远都看不透
 heyheyhey what fatty!!
Thanks guys for the night . Really enjoy it , Hope you guys got a great year ahead . @steffisaysyo ,… 
It's time to party. 
Good enough . Could be better
Happy that all friends and bros are there . But ..
Present from dearest mum (; #kennethcole 
Game over .
You have no idea hw many pieces my heart shattered into ...
Expected ..
怀念竟比失去还要更难受
Shall not be a burden this time..
Still holding on to the last hope ..
Still as weak as before i guess
And i still chose to believe in things that is not gonna happen
": Doesnt know what to do."
Have no idea why i still chose to fall in even though i know it's a hole
Nothing just goes right . Sigh
 HAHA BUT IT DONT TAKES ONE POTATO TO KNOW ANOTHER
RT : This asshole birthday coming alr. Haha I rmb how i use to scold him for lying that his bday is 1/1. End up is real. Wts h…
 HAHAHA FUCKER MUCH
Early birthday celebration at Grandma house !! #steam #face 
爱上你 , 不需要理由 , 你 , 到底懂不懂
Don't misunderstand please ..
你 , 你的温柔感动了我 。我 , 忍耐太久内伤太重 。在 , 这一秒我一定要说 , 就算失败 也不沉默
Please don't be another false hope again!
No i don't mean anything ! Just friends k ! Don't get scared again !
Tua pek gong granted me a wish i guess !!!
WHATS THIS SORCERY OMG HAHAHA
OKAY HAPPIEST DAY EVER.
Just hoping you can come on that day .
Yes , this .. ": Have you ever "
": Things you don't point out about people "
": Have you ever "
": Have you ever "
": Sad... But very true... "
Cause i've been missing you so much i have to say
A new year , new job , new environment . Forget bout all unhappiness from the past and move on .
"If you stay, stay forever. If you go, do it today. If you change, change for the better. And if you talk, make sure you mean what you say."
": As much as I want to tell you how I feel, I can't."
Wtf man .. wtf
The lift just broke down immediately after i leave the lift ! Omg wtf ..
Bloody dogs.
": i needa chat buddyyy."
不管世界变得什么样 , 只要有你就会是天堂
Stomach pain .. :(
The Thor just sudden struck lightning !! Anyone heard that too ? O:
I'm still waiting for the day to come , and just hope you are lying about you don't remember anything
Shall end the shag day with a cup of green tea latte 
": Whenever I think about you, my heart aches"
Worst place ever . Why would anyone wanna come here so often wtf .
Marche with Mom for Christmas! 
Went down to see all the promoters!! #christmas #megatex #expo 
Time to give up , chang .
On the way home and i wanna shit soooo badly O:
I persevered till today only to realise i stand no chance and i achieved no shit
Nevermind . Not a single fuck was given today
Just wondering where you are.
Am i expecting too much , or you know too little
Sigh ..
So not feeling well
Bad hair day .. tsk
My temper and tolerance wasn't very good to begin with, but for you. Just you of all my friends. I exceeded my limits..
I hope you feel the pain, yet at the same time i felt it too..
Heartbroken ..
RT : So called friends right... 
So sick and tired of everything . Literally everything .
Knn dua me one time after another u cb dog
You lucky is small money . If not by now idk you kenna how many times alr
Tua 1 month plus already still wanna drag . Really is 借钱容易要钱难
Worst come to worst just pok you two times in the face
You wanna see who is more persistent then ok lo . I got all the time to play with you .
有你有我试过一切道理 , 泪也是甜味 #throwback 
In memories of a year ago when i'm working and my mom collected my results for me lol
Goodluck , hope you get your desired results (;
Hosehbo people collecting results tomorrow o:
Only this shirt can keep me warm in da farkin cold night!! #sleepwear #harvey #cold 
Hot tea &amp; Cigarettes on such a cold weather .. Finally feel relax
Happyboy97 !!! #happy 
I swear i will work my ass off this time .
Of all bad and unlucky things happened lately .. Finally i heard a good news . Finally ...
宁愿有聚有别有人恨
Definitely gonna miss them 
Even though it's the brand i'm worst at , but till now i have never regretted . 
For two weeks at Jurong Point Challenger . If it wasn't them there to make my days fun and enjoyable ,… 
With him the whole night ... #shag #tired 
If only i could .
你若不离 , 我定不弃 .
Awww #Bromance 
Knn cb also bo your daiji you chup in kamlan . Worst more you not even this store de staff . Fucking hell
RT : ": Girls, do not shop too long if you're going to bring your boyfriend along. "
1st day wore this to work! #sperry #comfortable 
New tool for work ; New kicks . #sperry #black 
闭上眼 , 等你的出现 ..
Tasty !! #rice #wrap 
Didn't sleep the whole night and heading to work in maybe another hour time .. but 3 to 5 cups of kopi gao shall do the trick i guess ..
Steffi's first catch ! 
First fish ! 
#Ahgua #Fishing 
Talking to the moon
Bored at work O: 
Keep raining this few days can't even smoke with peace
Need follow then unfollow not .. sigh
RT : "Are you okay?" 
"Yea just tired" 
"Tired with what?" 
"With life"
Heart is aching but what can i do
我会随你笑 , 跟着你忧伤烦恼
又回到最初的起点
好想拥抱你 , 拥抱错过的勇气
Same place same time i guess
好想告诉你 , 告诉你我没有忘记
Bored at work #new #hairstyle #challenger #olympus 
太想爱你是我压抑不了的折磨
I will still wait . I will .
Any kind soul wanna visit me at work tomorrow ? :(
So pleased with the haircut !
Puayaoxiu .. work soooooo fucking far !!!
Quite successful i guess !
RT : Retweet if you have a crush.
Interview lo !!
眼泪向着冷风掃 , 挥洒满我路途
And not a single wish came true .
 haha bloody hell
 lol the weather is cold enough stop giving me goosebumps haha
 lol seriously gary ... seriously
 must learn how to take care of yourself already bro
唯一的牵挂就是你
Sitex shall be my last show i guess ..
So upset and dissapointed
Thankyou @steffisaysyo !! 
Not sure whether to stay in this job so i can see the things i want to see once in a while , or go for another job for better prospectus ..
" Today i will do what others won't , so tomorrow i can achieve what others can't "
有缘再聚 , 我真的很开心
Just not my day ..
Never even eat dao lunch ....
Really is shag dao ......
The happy expression on my mum's face when i help her complete her stucked 1 month candy crush. Awwww &lt;3
Can't wait !
New environment soon! Hope there is less "politics" over there . Hehe
Happy boy today!
Only know how kio hourly . Sibei daisai uh
Jitao stunned ... So early leave house also no use .... 
Sibei early for work
 boon keng near boonlay meh ?!
 dont play!! :(
Seriously , 97 followers and none staying in boonlay ? D:
Wan to drink my xiao? — kan your cb ! 
明明知道没有结局 , 却还死心踏地 .
Do you remember your first kiss? — Yes 
Would you prefer a party with a few friends or lots of friends? — few friends 
Boonlay ?! Anyone ?!
Anyone staying at boonlay?
JustAcia w Mom ! ♡ 
