RT : 邓小平三女邓榕，是女附中红卫兵一个头头，当时就要医院证明卞不是被打死，后出版《我的父亲邓小平》，避而不提她曾是女附中学生。卞的丈夫王晶尧接受澳大利亚SBS电视台采访，直指邓榕是行凶人之一。
“: Back in China, Watching My Words -  -  ” Found an echo in my heart!!!!
RT : The effect of today's technology on tomorrow's jobs will be immense  
BBC News - Can Shanghai's free trade zone spur China's growth? 
RT : China's internet: From Weibo to WeChat 
RT : 看来得回归kindle了，用iPad看书分心不说，眼睛简直要瞎了啊，看书目前还是得用kindle啊
RT : A round-up of all the latest Chinese data 
RT : Japanese mayor opposed to US air base re-elected (from ) 
“: Where (and why) the super-rich are piling into real estate  ”
RT : Latest "Open Times" (Chinese) has three somber papers on suicide in the countryside, especially among women: http://t.co/p…
Enjoy a Earl Gray Latte with a discounted rate at HK PolyU :) Too bad we don't have Caffe HABITU at CHUK.....
RT : 碰到一个健谈的出租车司机，他年近五十，上海本地人。不知怎么的，他跟我谈起了新疆问题，说，假如汉人被杀一个，那就同样杀一个维人，一比一，把维人都杀光，还是汉人合算，因为我们有的是人。我看着这张在社会底层辛苦打拼的充满沧桑的脸，还有一双熬夜开车充满血丝的眼睛，…
RT : 【老干部们的幸福生活】中央财政决定自2012年起，将军队离退休干部医疗费、交通费、军休服务管理机构车辆燃修费等中央补助标准，提高50%。目前，仍有35亿元的军休干部独生子女费、遗属生活补助经费等待下达，预计今年军休安置管理经费将达300亿元，比2011年经…
“: A cigarette pack holder, for the most die-hard smokers, 1955. ” the embodiment of a chain smoker :)
RT : 国开行融资陷窘境   风暴已至。
RT : Spectacular! RT : Winter in Italy 

Parallel World........ 
RT : NYT's Frugal Traveler has a good overview of how to choose the best air travel search engine for your needs. http://t.co/DXRVdqya…
RT : Why southern China is the best place in the world for a hardware innovator to be 
RT : In Hong Kong, having women on the board has no effect on company performance  by 
RT : #downfall - The Trial of the Chinese Dream  via 
从狗不理进入咖啡市场看到的 日经中文网   
Meredith Hattam: My Life Working as a Model in China  via 
China Migrant Workers Face Hardship of Separation From Children  via 
RT : "The problem is, there aren't many people in China with good taste." Volvo's culture clash with its Chinese owner. http://t.c…
RT : Detained #Uighur academic Ilham Tothi:"I'm always in danger;I've lived under threat for many years"  …
RT : Knowledge is . Don’t miss the #LSE scholarships available for #HongKong students:  @St…
RT : A gap grows between old Wall Street and young Wall Street 
Fears grow that Michael Schumacher will be in coma 'forever'  via 
RT : 贵州一砂石厂垮塌4人被埋: 中国央视报道，今天下午15时10分左右，贵州省铜仁市德江县玉水办事处黄木丫砂石场发生垮塌事故，经初步核实，事故造成4人被埋。     
Nothing is better than a hot Vietnamese beef noodle after work....... 
RT : Seen the amazing  selection of  listings? Here are the real houses:  #design #travel
RT : 北京人是這麼看日出的，真尼瑪高科技 
 哈哈哈壞銀！
RT @fandw: 10 foods you should never ever eat with a knife and fork: 
RT : Chinese Activists Test New Leader and Are Crushed  《纽约时报》对新公民运动被镇压最新的报道，非常扎实，主要讲了许志永和刘萍的案子。
Seriously, who said that HK is a fast-paced city? Faaaast? In what ways?? Can't believe people here walking so slowly esp during rush hours!
China Dwarfs U.S. in Monetary Stimulus 
HIV Epidemic Plagues Russia as Government Rejects Prevention Methods  via 
王家卫谈《一代宗师》：有太多价值都已失落 - 纽约时报 国际生活  via 
RT : 涉收中港走私客賄賂 沙頭角關長被拘: 深圳沙頭角海關爆集體貪瀆案，官方昨公告關長吳文奎、副書記陳銳全因涉嫌受賄罪，被深圳市檢察院刑事拘留，同時沙頭角海關還有五名關員被以涉嫌受賄罪立案偵查，震驚深圳海關部門。據悉，他們主要... http://…
RT :   中共反腐最大问题就是中纪委人太少，民主国家都是成百上千人监督一个官员，普通百姓报社记者人人都是中纪委，中国是一双眼睛要看成千上万官员，只能抓阄掷骰子式反腐，对贪官污吏根本形不成震慑
“: 【短片】香港瘋傳直擊蘭桂坊廁所野砲 | 即時新聞 | 20140115 | 蘋果日報  #看到提神的片子中午都不犯困了” 嘩！！這大中午的。。。。
How Can We Help Men? By Helping Women 
Books of the Year -   via 
Tech Upstarts Paying 17 Times Interest Upset China Banks  via 
Suntory to Buy Beam in $16 Billion Deal for U.S. Brand  via 
RT : 原外经贸部部长李强的回忆录里面说，中国饿得尸横遍野时，中央下令购买加拿大的粮食的轮船改向开往阿尔巴尼亚。驻波兰大使回忆，美国提出援助中国小麦，赈救饥民，毛泽东答复，还是由我们援助美国小麦大米吧，美国驻波兰大使听后无语
Books of the year: Torrents of words | The Economist 
RT : 記者13日從貴州省政府辦公廳獲悉，2014年1月13日14時40分許，貴州省黔東南州凱里市龍場鎮老山村一山坡上(初步確認系賭博點)發生一起爆炸事件，初步確認造成14人死亡、7人受傷。
RT : #Breaking: An electrical power accident that set a curtain on fire in a hostel caused the Shangri-la blaze in China's Yunnan …
“@fpm919: Winter in NYC ” what a fairy-tale setting!
“: 1962年9月，在中共八届十中全会上，习仲勋遭康生诬陷，在“文化大革命”中又受到残酷迫害，被审查、关押、监护前后长达16年。长女习和平在文革中不堪迫害自杀。／／参与迫害习家的现在都要吓尿了吧，纷纷出来道歉”
RT : Club Lunch Panel: Reporting in China - Risks and Rewards | The Foreign Correspondents' Club 
RT : 西藏如今不仅是迪斯尼，还是大戏场，而老板是当局。拉萨市政府安排明星陈坤等人主演的“心灵项目”—“行走日光城”，报道称“由当地干部群众及学生代表及媒体等组成的1500人左右的队伍…”，都是经过挑选、甄别才能参与，所以获准参与者都带上了黄色袖标。这种“心灵项…
RT : "China Peer-to-Peer Loan Sites Fail as Fraud Climbs, Xinhua Says - Bloomberg"   amazed any vcs touched the…
RT : 中国网络封锁是典型的下三滥游戏：有的墙有的不墙，有时墙有时不墙，看似不墙而实际墙，看似墙而实际不墙。文明世界就别对流氓撒娇了。RT  路透社：英国《卫报》周三称其网站在中国大陆被墙。外交部发言人华春莹在例会上表示她也是刚听说这…
RT : Cate Blanchett wins Best Actress in a Movie, Drama at the Golden Globes
RT : VW passes GM in China for first time in nine years | 
RT : 能不能成为一个公民，靠个体的努力是不够的，需要有充分的外部条件，如独立完善的司法，开放平等的公共参与机制等。在极权社会下，一个人可以具备公民的意识及素养，可自称准公民，但绝对成不了公民，因为缺乏外在条件。极权社会下自称公民，则是模糊极性属性。
RT : Uh oh I tipped over. 
RT : Cuddling in the back seat. 
Open google translation; input " หนี่มาบี หนี่มาบี หนี่สื้อด้าส่าบีซางบู้ฉี่อย่าซางบู้ฉี่ โหย่มู่โหย่อาโหย่มู่โหย่ " ; then listen.....Lol..
RT @fpm919: For the first time in 112 years, it snows in Cairo 
东南亚工资越涨越高 日经中文网   
中国汽车市场进入低价格消耗战 日经中文网   
China's Crackdown on Conspicuous Consumption Hasn't Slowed Down Rolls-Royce  via 
Hell on Shoe Leather - 纽约时报 国际生活  via 
明鏡新聞網 
RT : 赞 RT : 今天股票全部清仓出来，六年来总共巨亏24万，以后再碰中国股市猪狗不如！立推自省！
RT : 广州海珠一酒楼检出3份H7N9禽流感阳性样本  
RT : Titanic: They both could have fit 
“@Food_Pornx: Strawberry Chocolate Cake ” The right pic to see on the way for dinner:)
RT : Charlene Chu, rock star China banks analyst leaving Fitch. Our profile of her last yr

 Sorry but I was wondering did the article really answer the question that it has raised in the title?
日本相机和家电生产因日元贬值现回归潮 | 共同网 
RT : RT : How more than $100 billion in secret cash was smuggled into China last year - Quartz 
RT : 30访民乞讨庆丰包子店 警察抓走2人  
RT : 北韩金敬姬处于病危状态: [南北韩] : 韩国国际广播电台报道：北韩国防委员会第一委员长金正恩的姑母、劳动党秘书金敬姬处于病危状态。

据韩国政府一位北韩消息灵通人士8日透露，韩国政府认为金敬姬处于病危状态。由于她有心肌... http://t.…
“: Alaskan Malamute pup ~&gt; ” my heart is just melting......
RT : Guanghua soho 2, another soho china bldg in beijing CBD. Guanghua soho 1 across street practically a ghost mall http://t.co/LL4O…
RT : ": 涉周永康案,《臥虎藏龍》製片人、保利华亿总裁被帶走调查。 - "
RT : Dine at 21 top London restaurants from only £15:  (HT )
时尚电商先锋Net-a-Porter背后的女人 - 纽约时报 国际生活  via 
The Meanings of the Selfie - 纽约时报 国际生活  via 
RT : Journey of a Tibetan: The Coming Collapse of Tibetan Freedom Movement? 
RT : By  "Before, you were struggling against landlords. And now you're a landlady" 
RT @APicsx: Abandoned building that flooded, creating a surreal and perfect water reflection 
Photo story: Life changed by mobile technology (12) 
Five dead at Beijing construction site 
Horrible..... 
RT : Forgotten Voices of Mao’s Great Famine, 1958-1962
 
RT : And the best family photo of the year goes to... this adorable family! ~&gt; 
RT : China-linked DuPont spying case puts consultant on trial | 
RT : We had no idea curvy women were this hot. You won't believe #4.  
RT @fpm919: Baby Donkey 
JR East to discount Narita-Tokyo express fares for foreigners- Nikkei Asian Review 
RT : Nice story on how sake's popularity overseas is reviving traditional strains of rice in Japan 
RT : Chinese Communist Party Promotes Confucian Text Designed to Produce Obedient Children -  - …
RT : 阿特拉斯耸耸肩 RT : 中国的实质就是：虚构一个梦，去忽悠一群想靠做梦而不劳而获的人，最终养活一批真正不劳而获的人。
 好親切的貴陽話喲！
RT : Fabulous And Gorgeous Lion Walking 
Had a bad insomnia two weeks ago because of it. But tonight I ordered it again.It's just tempting!!!! 
RT : Corgi cuddling 
Psychological Test Latest Measure to Combat Chinese Corruption  via 
Learn How New Yorkers Dined Out in the 1900s  via 
“: Angora Rabbit, the world's fluffiest bunny! ” Wish I could hug it!!!!!!!
RT : 男人全神贯注做一样事情时，会散发出异乎寻常的魅力。 
RT : 在instagram上看到越漂亮的照片越能感觉背后的艰辛……为了把一道菜拍好看而放冷一整桌菜…为了自己更好看不惜脱下暖和的秋衣秋裤…为了拍某个小物件而特地整理好整个房间…
“: 今年二十有四，过年二姨要给我找对象，问我喜欢贤惠的还是漂亮的呀？我的思绪瞬间飘到了十年前，那会儿有个亲戚问我“将来是想上清华还是上北大啊？”事实证明什么清华北大跟我没有半毛钱关系，有个大学就不错了。现在找对象还什么贤惠漂亮，是个女的就可以了。” Lol..
Ashmore in landmark win to invest directly in China markets -   via 
RT : Take a Tokyo-wide noodle tour with our guide to last year's best ramen shops in the city:
 http://t…
兰州运橘货车侧翻 货主送橘子民警维持秩序 - 2014年1月04日上午11时许，青兰高速公路柳沟河收费站附近，两辆拉运橘子的货车先后发生侧翻，交警、民警先后到达现场守候，才没发生橘子被哄抢的事件 
What could happen in China in 2014?  via @sharethis
RT : Marijuana Legislation in the US
- 
RT : 20 winter wines for $20 apiece 
RT : Jiang Zemin eclipses Xi Jinping in pants height.   
RT : 12306再瘫近1小时,恢复后高铁票翻数十倍 
安勤私人银行退出香港-华尔街日报 瑞士安勤私人银行有限公司将退出香港市场。该行称，尽管以中国为首的亚洲地区可能会在未来几十年引领全球财富增长，但市场竞争加剧及成本上升令其决定退出香港市场。 
Global house prices: Castles made of sand | The Economist 
RT : probably going to be a surge over last year in migrant workers having to protest to get wages paid…bigger cash crunch be4 chines…
RT : Celebs Who Got Fat! This is what happens if you let yourself go. Especially is #9  http://t.co/Z6D1GTdA…
RT : 今日【博】：图伯特（西藏）被迪斯尼化 —旅游是如何成为占领工具的（译文） 作者：Pearl Sydenstricker；来源：华盛顿杂志2004年一～二月合刊；译者：傅春雨 ；配图…
RT : 21 Years ago today, Neil Papworth sent a Vodafone director the first text message ever: 'Merry Christmas' http://t.co/xMgy…
RT : Legalizing Marijuana Does Not Mean the U.S. Would Lose Ground to China - Matt Schiavenza - The Atlantic 
RT : Lhasa, Tibet - Nomads praying at Jokhang monastery 
昏庸的慈禧也有开明进步的一面 - 纽约时报 国际生活  via 
The Curious, and Continuing, Appeal of Mark Twain in China 
China Wages Seen Jumping in 2014 Amid Shift to Services:  via 
东盟的国境在“消失” 日经中文网   
Gringo Trails: Is tourism destroying the world?  
RT : husky heaven 
【NYT】Fog-Wreathed Paradise, Built by a Billionaire Under a Cloud 
RT : Chen Guangbiao Global Times op-ed on bid to buy NY Times:  Promises reforms to make it more objectiv…
RT : "Downton Abbey" is now quintessential American television 
What happened? Empty MTR during rush hour??? 
RT : 1928年日军杀害数千中国同胞的济南惨案探因: 在我们爱国青年的脑海中，1928年，日本侵略军出兵中国山东济南，平白无故杀害了数千名中国同胞，仅仅是为了“杀人过瘾”。

这样的历史，简单而明了，很符合爱国青年的“需求”。... http://…
RT : 【美国人的道德价值观正在回升】20年前，美国一些专家对社会道德价值观的普遍下降和“腐蚀性社会病态”忧心忡忡，但现在美国并没有走向灾难，犯罪率在下降，堕胎在减少，少女怀孕率在显著降低。
RT : “權力越大，風險就越大，”中國政治分析家，同時也是《中國權貴的死亡遊戲》作者之一的何頻表示：“習擁有的支持是前所未有的，在黨內，他比江澤民和胡錦濤來得強。” 
RT : 42 Ways To Improve Your Travel Experience  #travel #lp #tips #ttot
RT : Pretty cool list of the 25 best dishes  ate in 2013: .
“: 刁包子其实是用包子打击革命党：看看泰丰门前排队的群众，你们应该知道再过一百年革命都没戏。” The Cruel Truth.
RT : 明鏡新聞網經過數月的反復查證，發現多個中共元老家族成員捲入了周永康集團貪腐案，其中至少包括一位國務院元老的子弟，也包括以清廉著稱的前中共總書記胡耀邦家族成員。 http://t.co/i07iDot…
RT : 小马奔腾董事长李明骤然去世的消息版本：小马奔腾代理央视广告起家。李东生落马后，李明被带走协助调查。审讯时情绪激动，注射了镇静剂，之后出现症状。  来自 
RT : “全网查删财新网的《小马奔腾董事长李明突然离世》一文，立即执行。”
美国人对当代精英政治的反思-华尔街日报 一个以盎格鲁-撒克逊白人新教徒为外在特征的无冕贵族集团曾统治美国，它被不问血统和出身的精英政治所取代，但把国家利益放在个人利益之前的政治品格也随之消失了。 
♫ Last Christmas – Ariana Grande  #NowPlaying
RT : Four Things You Don’t Know About Milan  #travel #Lp #Milan #Italy
RT : 习近平吃包子不简单 背后细节被挖出 
“ 对于中国政府提出的去库存化和行业重组要求，钢铁厂商似乎置若罔闻。而与企业携手竞相扩大产能的地方政府为避免发生就业难问题，不断为厂商提供资金支持，这些资金被用于增产等方面，进而又加剧了过剩，这就是目前中国的现状。”  来自日经中文网
RT : The most torrented movies of 2013 — and why piracy isn't hurting profits 
RT : Chinese beauty Jacqui Chan in Venice, Italy. Photo by Antony Armstrong-Jones, 1956 
For Prostitutes Jailed in China, Forced Labor With No Recourse 
INTERVIEW/ Michael Emmerich: Fans around the world reading Haruki Murakami in parallel worlds 
China Ends Year as Asia’s Weakest Market - 纽约时报中文网 国际纵览  via 
RT : 王立軍事件關鍵人物、周永康養子、國安部秘密高官（局级）、北京亞洲酒店董事長孔濤2013年12月29日被捕。

 
RT : 庆丰已经沦陷了。。。每天来都得排队了。。。店里各种口音的都有。。。还有人在外面拍照。。。
“: 包子铺成了shrine, 都是来拜包子神的 RT : 这图神了。。。 ”  ［Absurdity in real China]
RT : 3 big macro questions for 2014: US supply side; China's credit bubble; and deflation threat in the euro area 
RT : In 1963, wives say goodbye to their loved ones in the Navy.  ~ 
RT : 一次在回国的飞机上和一国航的空姐聊天。空姐告诉我想进海关不被查，就到机场的“日上免税百货”买点东西，用印有日上百货的袋子装东西。据说是因为胡景涛亲戚开的。我想这百货名字起得好啊，Fuck up百货，好记有霸气
No Sex Please, We're Japanese (BBC Documentary) 
RT : 「笑蜀先生对台湾的“好社会”的出现与社会抗争之间的关系可能有所误解，而这不只是历史问题判断的不同，也涉及我们对于抗争与社会基础的理论性认识。」「台湾社会空间系抗争而来  —— 兼与笑蜀先生商榷」

RT : ", Inc. (ADR) (BIDU): Baidu Cranks Up Anti-Piracy Campaign - Seeking Alpha" 
RT : 【焦点新闻】 2013年度中国人渣排行榜！火热出炉！ 
RT : PHOTO: North Korean leader Kim Jong Un tours North Korea ski resort  
Spicy Chicken Stew at always over-crowded Causeway Bay.  Hope a HOT 2014 is waiting for us!!!!!! 
Sometimes eating at a local food stall proves to be quite relaxing. Spicy Roasted Fish. 
My sweet and sour dating experience: An expat woman on Beijing flings  via 
RT : 北京大学哲学系学生黄立众组党被处决照 
RT : UCL做的Global Social Media Impact Study  有中国南方和北方的 #socialmedia 分析
Taiwanese artist's satirical cartoons about Hong Kong life are an online hit | Education Post 
Song for the coming 2014 !!  ♫ Survivor by Jacquline Ouyang  #NowPlaying
RT : Big and little cuddles. 
Tokyo’s best coffee shops - Time Out Tokyo 
Tokyo’s top onsen - Time Out Tokyo 
RT : Xi Jinping completes first year as China’s leader with greatest sway since Deng Xiaoping | 
RT : China local debt surges by 70% 
RT : Charm of Japan is published at this site.  #japan　#cooljapan
 He has a style.
RT : DealBook: On Defensive, JPMorgan Hired China’s Elite 
RT : Bear Pond Espresso, Tokyo - Mind blown again: espresso so thick you can invert the cup. Chocolate, smoked almonds http…
RT : Travel in Tokyo – Three Personal Challenges and How to Overcome Them  via 
City of lights. 
Silver Mine Bay at dusk. Farewell, the last weekend of 2013. 
Sunny day cycling at Mui Wo. Going deep to the mountain side is like intruding into an unknown space. Happy weekend. 
RT : The year in pictures 
Neibourhood at night. 
Authentic Hong Kong style. Forget about those boring designer shops....... 
Nite~ Got to finish Norwegian Wood....only 100 pages left. Hang on there!!!!!
Failed at creative cooking last night. I thought I was able to nail the beef &amp; mushroom &amp; onion, but it just turned out.......
Ok, restore my twitter right after Christmas. I guess it's all about the side effect of a very nice Chianti Classico 2010. Cheers!!!!
