回來第二天就開學了。。
為了旅行而沒得賭博的新年。。 ==
 我的水瓶！ ==
他不会是个好男人 也不会是个好情人 你对我说我们只是擦肩而过 好的男人有那么多 少了他的日子也能过
擦肩而过--李圣杰
我有时真的希望我们之间的话题可以多一些，并不是随便寒暄一两句就算了。以前那个可以陪我聊到深夜的你去了哪儿？要找一个可以让自己毫无保留地说出心底话的人不容易啊。。
RT : 為什麼每次遇到我就一直要我跟他和好 好像是我的錯醬 z
RT : 有时候，我们愿意原谅一个人，并不是我们真的愿意原谅他， 而是我们真的不想失去他。
RT : 你不懂，我一天看你资料多少次；你不懂，看到你签名一换我就开始胡思乱想；你不懂，上网跟你聊天我也会开心地大笑；你不懂，我上线看到你不在时我有多失落；你不懂，当所有人说你不好不适合我时，我只说了一句我喜欢；你不懂，每晚上线只为等一句晚安；你不懂，因为那…
被人質疑自己的能力的時候，真的很想罵“幹！你若不信任我，又何必把事情交給我？！不會直接自己玩成嗎？操！”
RT : 怎么办…早上第一个想到的是你，夜里最后一个想到的也是你。
RT : 我在等，等那个晚上会和我说晚安的人。
RT : 书上说 不要在十六七岁爱上一个人 因为那个人会是你最爱却永远得不到的
RT : The greatest feeling in the world: To wake up and see you have a text from the one you love.
做了一整天家务的结果。。 
有时候真的很想找你谈天，但打开信箱后又不知该说什么。是我们之间真的生疏了还是真的没话聊？
RT : 最尴尬的就是，每次都会高估自己在别人心里的位置。
有一个人或许总是在你伤心的时候陪着你，但人一定要学会靠自己。当有一天那个人离开了自己，自己是不是顿时变得手足无措？！
明明很难过，却什么事都只能往里吞。明明很在意，却要表达的完全不在乎。明明知道她不属于自己，心里却永远为她留了个位子。明明很想找她聊天，却在打完字后默默地删除不敢发给她。人，有时候就是那么的犯贱。
RT : 我们坚持不和对方说话，不表示我没有想你。试着疏远你，因为我知道我不能拥有你
RT : 你们有没有过这种感觉，知道了真相以后，觉得当初的自己特别的傻特别的蠢。发现原来一直以来自己都像个小丑一样被人看笑话，可是自己却毫不知情。真可笑，真可悲…
RT : TRUE 处女座独自一人的时候会迷茫拿著手机不知道做什么。处女座和不熟悉的人在一起很斯文不说话会给人很好的感觉，但一熟悉起来你会发现处女的单纯和没有长大的心、却又爱玩什麼都敢尝试 处女懒的连下楼买早餐都嫌烦。房间永远乱乱的却给人舒适感。 好好珍惜…
RT : I want our relationship to be like Tom and Jerry. No matter how many times we fight, we won't be apart.
很累的一天，很快乐的一天！一群朋友一起乱杠，一起瞎闹的感觉真棒！
#exciting #friends #society #Sunday
 不是对方不在乎你，是你把对方看得太重
好有深度的一句话！ 哈哈
你先是冷漠我，然后说我不爽你，每次摆臭脸给你。你有没有想过是谁的问题？
今天若遇上你我也不知该如何开口说话
很累的一天
或许我们以后不会再是朋友了吧？！这样也好，我再也不必在意你了
我竟然会为了你影响了我的心情。。不值得！
好！我决定放弃了。。一个人主动久了也会累
既然你想让关系变得简单一些，那我也不会介意
RT : Staring at your crush and when he looks at you, you turn away your face.
如果再不把问题解决，好好沟通，我想我们的关系也会慢慢疏远吧？
RT : I wanna see myself from your point of view.
人与人之间的沟通方式真的很重要，可是有些人是注定无法相处。
当三个人一起走，我可能就只是多余的那个吧。。
RT : That annoying feeling when you're dying to talk to someone, but you refuse to text them first.
我怎么会开始在意起你来了。。是错觉吗？
对你好却换来你的冷漠对待。。
超有意境及催泪的一首歌。。

RT : I just can't stop thinking about you.
RT : "I love you." *erases*

"I miss you." *erases*

"Can we talk?" *erases*

"What's up?" *sends*
RT : No girl believes that she's beautiful until a guy comes along and makes her feel like she is.
或许我不擅长谈这种事情吧。。对不起！
RT : 我怕激情过后是陌生, 我怕暧昧过后是冷漠, 我怕努力过后是失败, 我怕认真过后是  痛苦, 我怕挽留过后是回忆, 我怕信任过后是利用, 我怕做错过后是回忆, 我怕梦见过后是不忘, 我怕温柔过后是冷淡, 我怕牵手过后是分手。我怕最后还是一无所有
RT : I LOVE THAT FEELING WHEN YOU LISTEN TO AN OLD SONG AND YOU DON’T EVEN HAVE TO THINK ABOUT THE LYRICS THEY JUST KINDA CO…
RT : She comes across strong but maybe she fell asleep crying. She acts like nothing is wrong but maybe she's just really go…
RT : Dear Ex....when you see me, I want you to recognize what you had, regret what you've lost, and realize what you’re never…
RT : A single text can change my mood at any moment.
RT : A simple "I miss you" can change everything.
RT : Fake friends believe in rumours. Real friends believe in you.
RT : I want to meet myself from someone else's point of view.
  walao...  u two damn kaobeh!  I'm giving u all some so damn useful advice and u all treated me like this!!
A friend is the one who stand beside u no matter u are sad or happy. Those who ignored u when u need help don't deserve your care and help!
唉。。重色轻友的人类！
  draw la... it's a simple task man!!  Wakakkaka
  gud luck drawing!  Wakakkka
被人忽略总是难过的。。
RT : If they took you for granted, let them go. Walk away and find someone better, someone you deserve, someone who treats y…
RT : "Please don't be in love with someone else..."
RT : I hate it when I say I hate everyone and then someone’s like “oh except me lol”

ha ha no,

especially you.
RT : 我以为，真心对人，也可以换来别人真心对待。拼了命的不让身边的人难过，却发现，受伤的原来是我自己。
RT : 别等不该等的人，别伤不该伤的心。有些人，注定是生命中的过客；有些事，常常让我们很无奈。爱情、友情。看得淡一点，伤就会少一点。
RT : 有时候，我们喜欢一首歌，不是因为歌唱的好多听，而是因为歌词写的像自己。音乐这东西，开心时入耳，伤心时入心；快乐的时候，你听的是音乐；难过的时候，你开始懂得了歌词...
RT : 我们缺乏安全感，缺乏自信心，所以我们假装快乐，假装合群，假装大笑，只是为了迎合别人。其实在心底，我们比谁都寂寞，孤单。
RT : 这个世界有两个我，一个假装快乐，一个真心难过。
RT : you text me  

I respond in 15 seconds  

then apparently you die of excitement  

because 2 hours later i'm still wai…
RT : 'Going to bed' means switching from my computer to my phone and spending another hour mobile tweeting in the dark.
 很得空hor...
RT : "I can't lose you. Because if I ever did, I'd have lost my best friend, my soul mate, my smile, my laugh, my everything" …
RT : 1.000.000 memories, 100.000 great times, 10.000 laughters, 1.000 fun moments, 100 secrets, 10 misunderstandings, 1 reason…
 siapa?
RT : 我不求你深深记我一辈子，只求别忘记你的世界我来过。不是每个擦肩而过的人都会相识，也不是每个相识的人都会让人牵挂，至少，我们在今生，在那个地方，在一转身的时候没有错过。偌大的地球上能和你相遇，真的不容易，感谢上天给了我们这次相识相知的缘份。…
RT : 最渴望听到的一句话：有我在，不要害怕。
RT : 原来世界上真的没有什么是永远。一段友情，离开了就淡了。一段爱情，分离了就散了。珍惜现在所拥有的，也许下一秒，就不再属于你的。
RT : 我是一个很念旧的人。总会时不时怀念以前的人事物，感叹岁月带走了那么多曾经。
RT : 我假装无所谓，告诉我自己，我那么的坚强，我可以承受一切的。 可是，当我被遗忘在角落的时候，我才发现，我输不起，我会害怕。
RT : 小时候摔跤，总要看看周围有没有人，有就哭，没有就爬起来。长大后，遇到不开心的事，也要看看周围有没有人，有就爬起来，没有就自己偷偷地哭。
RT : 有时候，就是想大哭一场， 因为心里委屈。 有时候，就是想疯癫一下， 因为情绪低落。 有时候，就是想破口大骂， 因为心里不爽。 有时候，就是想安安静静， 因为真的我累了。
RT : 如果不是因为在乎，怎么会有这么多情绪。
RT : 以前，我错了，只在乎我在乎的人。 现在，我懂了，从今以后我只在乎在乎我的人。
RT : 如果有一天，你最好的朋友有了更好的朋友，你会比失恋还伤心吗？
RT : 有时候，有些人不需说再见，就已离开了。有时候，有些事不用开口也明白。有时候，有些路不走也会变长。总望着曾经的空间发呆，那些说好不分开的人不在了。熟悉的，安静了。安静的，离开了。离开的，陌生了。陌生的，消失了。消失的，陌路了。你还是你，我还…
RT : 那个人，现在怎样了？现在，还好吗……
RT : Someday, you'll miss me like I missed you. Someday, you'll need me like I needed you. Someday, you'll love me but I won't…
新的一年，同一个地方，同一个人，感觉却不同了。。
RT : 你以为孤独是最可怕的吗？最可怕的是被别人知道你的孤独，而他们却不想救赎。
RT : 每次想找个人陪的时候，就发现有的人不能找，有的人不该找，还有的人找不到。
RT : 希望有这么一个人，在我最伤心、彷徨、无助的时候，可以对我说，“有我在，不要怕。一切都会过去。”
RT : 不要太把一个人放在心上，因为在那个人心上，你或许什么都不是。
RT : 日子一天天的过去，好像什么都没变。可是回过头一看，什么都变了。
RT : 清晨想到的第一个人和夜晚想到的最后一个人，不是让你幸福的人，就是让你痛苦的人。
RT : The hardest decision is deciding whether to "walk away" or "try harder."
 wat the fuq la?  U don't understand and u retweet...  asssssssssssss hol. Haha
既然你们根本没打算一起讨论，那当初又何必相邀？
或许在你眼里我就是那么不值一提
RT : It feels good to hear someone say 'take care.' but it feels even better to hear someone say 'I will take care of you.'
 face problem no nid emo de...  u can't chg it
 face problem!  Sad case...  haha
RT : I wonder if you text anyone else while you're texting me.
RT : I text you because I want to have a conversation with you, not to get one word answers.
RT : When you need me, I'm always there. Now I need you, and you're not around.
RT : I'm actually really nice, until you annoy me.
RT : They don't miss you when you're gone, they miss you when you move on.
有一些朋友，你不会得到他的关心，他的明白又或者是他的注意，但你还是很愿意把他当成你很重要的朋友，看到他发布新状态时会特别注意甚至会想他指的是不是自己。当你信息他可是过了好久还没回复，你会特别着急甚至会觉得是不是自己说错话了。这些可能都是自己一厢情愿但还是会很愿意把他当朋友。
RT : when w i l l y o u r e a l i z e h o w m u c h i f u c k i n g c a r e a b o u t y o u
RT : 这世上最大的冒险 就是爱上一个人 因为你永远也不知道 自己全身心的投入 最终会换来什么 这就像是一场轮盘赌 你明知可能会输 但又忍不住想投身其中 其实你真正需要的 并不是赌赢 而是一个能令你收手的人 因为最终征服你的人 会令你失去爱其他人的能力。
  can don't sohai arh?  Fkkkkker weih
RT : The best feeling in the world is knowing that you actually mean something to someone.
Yolo. Conda. Bitch  
 kk  11
 ltr what time u wan Skype?
 so sweet!
 Adam!
Finally...  after 1week of hard work 
One week without phone...  how am I gonna survive?!!
RT : Each time you ignore me, I regret every text message that I've ever sent you.
 ... ==
或许我以后都不该插手，反正付出的努力都被你无视
 没有事啊
在你的生活里我或许只适合当一个路人甲
 发hiao啊？
 要送给菊花是吗？ 哈哈
 你们就是因为没说我帅所以你们的眼光还真的好不到哪里去！
 你们的眼光。。唉！
RT : While you're busy looking for the perfect person, you'll probably miss the imperfect person who could make you perfectly …
 bojio arh? !
 我也爱你哟！ XDDDDDDDDDD
 sorry...
 我现在也很不爽因为你没有jio！ 哈哈
@CheeYun_when u all coming bck?
 bojio！
即使做到了又如何？我只不过是在没人的时候从后备替补上场！
你若真的不重视我这个朋友那么我也没有必要重视你！ 后悔当初答应了帮你！ 以后没有必要的话我们不需要再联络，让我们之间的关系变得简单一些。当初把你当成朋友关心你的我从此消失！
RT : 真正的好朋友就是聊天永远没句号 路上碰到了不是微笑而是动手动脚 互说脏话没下限
RT : 总是偶尔莫名的伤感 总是觉得自己特沒安全感 总是轻易相信别人 总是喜欢坐靠窗一个人静静的看看远方 习惯沒事就带上耳机听喜欢的歌曲 烦闷时更喜欢一个人待着 特别怕孤单冷落 希望所有人都能和睦相处 更希望我喜欢的人同时也能喜欢我 就是这样一个我
RT : 其实放假两个月 可以改变很多东西 比如说人的关系学习成绩身材的胖瘦头发的长短开学后你会发现有些人疏远了有些人却近乎了有些人成绩突飞猛进了有些人却一落千丈有些人从胖子变成了瘦子有些人却肥的跟只猪似的有些人扎起了长发有些人却不知为谁减了发所以你永…
 u see cockroach then CRY. HARD!  haha.... XD
被朋友背叛的感觉不好受。。
RT : I don't need a lot of friends. I need a lot of True friends who stay real behind and in front of me.
RT : Some days I can't stop thinking about you, and other days I wonder why I'm wasting my time.
RT : I ALWAYS GET NERVOUS WHEN PEOPLE STOP REPLYING TO ME. 

ITS LIKE 
-DID I SAY SOMETHING WRONG 
-DID I OFFEND U 

IM SO S…
RT : I really want you to really want me.
RT : Never trust someone that take hours to text you back, but when you're with them they always have their phone in their han…
RT : I wanted to text you, but then I remembered we don't talk anymore.
RT : Sometimes, it's not the person you miss, it's the feelings and moments you had with them.
RT : 人需要老友，意义在于，你悲伤的时候，老友的存在不仅是言语多么出众，不见得多会安慰，也不一定会有什么方法。但是，当你的痛楚已经不是言语可以抚平的时候，老友存在就是一种气场，那个人懂得，懂得从前的你，懂得现在的你，甚至也懂得你不肯说的你，因为懂得，所以这…
RT : 每天晚上都是我胡思乱想的时候 压抑不了内心的情绪 很想释放出来 不论是友情还是爱情我都觉得我很失败 我太过苛刻太过较真 可能他们被我的情绪化吓跑了 身边的人越来越少也越来越重要
RT : 假如，你知道我有多想念你，那该多好。
RT : 每天嘻嘻哈哈的笑着，只有自己才知道活的有多累。
RT : When I miss you, it's like every song I listen to is about you.
原来我们大马华人在中国人眼里会说中文会写汉字是一件很稀奇的事。。 == 我们不是只会说马来文而已啊！
RT : 因为我不知道，下一辈子是否还能遇见你，所以我今生才会，那么努力，把最好的给你。友情也好，爱情也罢。
马来西亚，一个星期后见！
RT : Sometimes, I just want to sit outside with someone and talk all night
一面听歌一面写应该会比较有感觉吧。。XDD
开了头却又不知该如何继续写。。 怎么办？！！
RT : Sometimes when I say "I'm OK" I want you look at me and say "Tell the truth"
Gudnite world...  zzz
Everything will be alright after a tide sleep!  XDD
I hate the feeling when I get upset for no fking reason!
RT : Sometimes you just have to pretend that you're happy, just to stop everyone asking what the hell happen.
RT : I always say I'm done with you, but I never am.
RT : That mood where you just feel upset for no reason.
RT @heart2heaart: I wish I had a delete button in my life. To delete some people, some memories, and some feelings.
RT @heart2heaart: I wonder what goes through your mind when someone mentions my name to you.
RT : It's hard to pretend you love someone when you don't, but it's harder to pretend that you don't love someone when you rea…
逆转的曼联终于回来了！！
RT : "A friend who understands your tears is way more valuable than a lot of friends who only know your smile."
愧疚。。。T.T
 哎哟。。怎么突然间那么大感触啊？ 哈哈
RT : I don't even care anymore. If you wanna talk, hit me up, I'm not gonna try to start a conversation anymore to be left in t…
RT : I am seriously there for everyone that needs me, but then when I need something, nope. Back to being all alone.
The awkward moment when Ferguson sitting as an audience and saw his team end the game with a draw ==
好朋友只是朋友 不能够占有
 then just don't study
为什么偏偏要在他妈的考试的时候生病？？！！ 弄到我没有动力读书。。
 bye bye!
算了 还是先去睡 等下再起来读。。
RT @myteeenquotes: People will always hate you, rate you, break you, and shake you, but how strong you stand is what makes you.
RT : 我讨厌这种喜欢一个人，可是知道这个人永远都不会喜欢自己的感觉。
RT : Fake friends are no different than shadows, they stick around during your brightest moments, but disappear during your da…
 还不去睡啊？
RT : Sometimes you have to act like you don't care, even when you do.
RT : Wanted: a friend who has my back at all times, not who talks behind it.
RT : If fear didn't exist, I'd run up to you, kiss you and tell you that I love you.
RT @FIirting: Even if I spend the whole day with you, I miss you the second you leave.
RT @FIirting: I need a hug.

No. Actually, I need your hug.
RT : When I can’t sleep at night, I stare at the empty side of my bed and wonder about the things I would tell you if you we…
  diam la
 那个  啦 不要回我的mesaage
  干啦！！在这里跟你老公你一句 我一句 死都不要会我的fb
RT : If u r in love with her . . . tell her.
RT : Don't let one person be your world, when you're just an option in theirs.
RT : I miss laughing with you.
RT : Sometimes you have to accept the truth and stop wasting time on the wrong people.
RT : Don't make time for people who can't make time for you.
RT : The only reason people take you for granted is because they assume you'll always be there. Prove them wrong.
RT : Loyalty is hard to find. Trust is easy to lose. Actions speak louder than words.
