这种懒洋洋要放弃的心态到底要维持到几时
I guess......
我要约会....😢😢
随你 晚安
你是要这样的话我不会再CARE.
情人节 一级棒!
 nothing happen la babe. I'm not saying about him😁 HAHA
我还很在意可是已经来不及了 我明白失去了就是失去了 选择是自己做的 没有的怨天尤人
这20分钟的等待到底值不值......
不要骗我。
为什么情人节要是明天😒
WHY.
又是另一个难关..
FEVER
妈啊 我要晕了😭
keep quite please!
I wonder what if it is a truth...
have been lying on the bed for 2 hours but still not falling asleep yet.
我真的想上学了.. 不要一直不舒服可以吗😥😥
要病不病的感觉比生病更痛苦
到底是有病还是没有病😂😂
tiring day.
不要跟我说你脾气坏 this is not a good excuse.
你以为你是谁 全世界都欠了你 要受你脾气吗
worthless.
 you too my babeee😘 明天见❤❤
不开心多过开心 还有什么理由不放弃
真的有时候累到很想什么都不要
太多顾虑什么都烦
having dinner alone😥
睡太多现在搞到好像更累😪
you 自私不懂得体谅
很讨厌这样的你
睡不着😢😢😢
回到家的感觉就是很好😁😁😁
I  NEED FOOD
我快餓死了
爲什麽要故意出現在我面前
不應該勇敢♥
tired.
good night.
I wont irritate you anymore
well just continue playing with your stupid game
you always thought that I call you is just for fun or small matter and never try to call me back in a hurry
never call back👍👍👍
Mc donald as dinner bwahaahahhaha
I don't want to tell lie but I have no choice
God bless me please
見步行步。
not feeling well😖😢
what happen to my tummy
pain.
deduct almost 5 ringgit in one day
sucks Digi
headache freaking uncomfortable
don't wake me up please😥😥
everyone is already in bed and I'm still studying haishhhhh
a lot to memories and not just understanding😢
study in midnight is much more better! because I feel sleepy in the afternoon😲😲
 hehe I'm finished😁😁
okayyy maggie is the only choice
feel like want to eat dessert right now😥😥
the first thing in my brain when the moment I wake up 'I need food'
why am I always feel sleepy😂😂😂
肚子餓啊啊啊啊啊啊啊😞😞😞
回到家沖完凉躺在床上是最幸福的事!😁
罵他一大堆給我這樣的回覆 跟他一起命都短幾年 氣死!! 
不要在房間門外講我 我聽到一清二楚
ignore my comment because you don't know how to answer anymore HAHAHA
這樣不代表我氣消了
爲什麽每次都那麽善忘!😡
電話要沒電了 然後沒有充電器👍👍👍
WHAT THE HEAL 其實我火到要冒煙了你懂不懂 真的不要再給我這種態度!
我不需要兼職男友 還要是那種連緊要關頭都不見人影那種我更不需要!
不是你想要找我才理我的好嗎
你自俬 你我行我素 然而我却最討厭這樣的你。
不要真的當做什麽都理所當然 有一天我狠下心來我們會連對調角色的機會都沒有 你就就這樣註定永遠失去。
你的"現在" 憑什麼得到我的 "我在"
我又錯了嗎
所以我很討厭一個人..
一個人的時候總會忍不住找你
RT : If someone wants to be a part of your life, they will be there. Don't bother saving a spot for someone who won't make a…
RT : 【感悟人生】长不过执念，短不过善变。当时间偷走初衷，留下的只是苦衷。于是人们总是在一段时光里，怀念另一段时光。而所谓怀念，只不过是一段妄念。人之所以会心累，就是常常徘徊在坚持和放弃之间，举棋不定。生活中总会有一些值得我们记忆的东西，也有一些必须要放…
 me too!
RT : 当机会来的时候
请好好的珍惜
不要等到机会没了
后悔都来不及
我不常主动联系人 但是不代表我不CARE
再怎么灰心就是死不了心 是为什么
可以真的狠心一点吗........
I was feeling like living in jungle every time once I reach home😂
why is my house so far away from KL
tomorrow gotta wake up early again😢
累到想发脾气又想哭
很久没有试过那么郁闷
放假的唯一坏处是没有零用钱 也是最懊恼的事。
我爱的只有他 一个他。
怕的是你越陷越深
很想这样维持下去但是我不懂要怎么抽身
I really hope that I can give you a hug right now...
dear I miss you..
feel like want to talk to you...but I don't dare to find you and don't know how to start a conversation😥
 erhemmmm..I have to tell you one thing that is my mum still not blind yet.
mummy don't let me to buy new school bag for next year😭
我真的只值得再给予一次机会而已嘛....
记住 你一定要幸福!
不知道这样是对是错 但是至少我的内疚减少了一些..
想不肥都难😥
吃了一大堆肚子还是很饿😣
feel like going to get sick😪
why is it still raining😪
why so dangerous...
Thank you for everything you tough me today. #smallkid
she is not the right person for you
you deserve better.
he is the best.
没有后悔 只是真的很怀念那个很好的他
还有什么意义
不要再这样 我不是前世欠了你的
don't show me the face. you don't have the right to get angry.
always wasting my time. FUCK
I  hate  today
吹一吹头就这样了 为什么可以脱得那么严重😰 
有些东西我曾经开口要求过可是你还是不愿意这么做 那么没有关系 只是以后我变了你不要忘了现在这个你。
心淡不是在于大事 而是许多累积下来的小失望。
爱还在 只是在意已经不同了
don't try to pretend in front of me, I know what you're thinking about.
you're so fake!
feel like want to sleep now 💤
I am so lazy to tidy up all the stuffs 😏
我要咳死了... 😢
为什么可以这么累..........（¯﹃¯）
It isn't my fault!
该生气的人是我
狡辩的人是你
Don't ignore my text again. I'll be very angry this time.
why is it there's only 24hours in a day...
seriously, I'm worry about I don't have enough time to revise back all form 4 subjects.
不要重提旧事 我会很难过
默认👍👍
我真的该好好休息了....
是我不懂得体谅 还是你不够体贴..
反正吵架到最后错的又是我
是这样的话那我们都静静好了
永远只有你累 我的感受我的所有东西就是不重要
一句你很累 你不想说话 就代表我应该当什么事都没有 然后倒回来安慰你是怎么了吗
有些问题不是没有办法解决 而是你没有想过要解决
浪费我时间
 没有call她或者信息之类问看?
 哈哈 谢玮琪? 那么巧啊 :O
 我看到你也有一点吓到 我那时候oii你之前我以为你看到我了的-.-
 蛮okayyy啊 都有射中很多粒球一下 哈哈
 你还好吗? 
你今天打的很好:D
RT @FIirting: Honestly, l feel really stupid for holding on to things that just keep on hurting me.
 我是不会原谅你的!
累积多一点失望也许是好事 离开的时候不会那么痛。
you ruining my mood again...
你要是沒有時間又或者打算遲遲回覆我 那我甘願你一開始就不要找我好了。 我真的很討厭等
忍耐有限度 你知道我最受不了被人用嘴巴侮辱的
不要再惹我。
没有口德的屁孩!!!
你只是一个在家里才敢大声 在外面却声都不敢出的人 有什么资格骂我废材!
tomorrow is daddy's birthday!😍🎂🎁🎉
getting fat😢
RT : Don't make her wait for you just because you know she will.
Study Study Study💪💪
不要带假面具 我知道你的真面目很久了
it is too sour😖
watching TV😁
hate you!!!
根本全部都是借口 每次都是这样 失望
RT : “做好人做到累了。
总是把别人的感受放在前面，让自己很痛苦。
希望有时候我可以狠一点。”
最讨厌你每次说说就算
算了吧 晚安
情人节也这样 证明了我是应该像前几天这样坚定去睡觉不等待。
没什么 只是我真的突然很想你..
 haishhhh 你不知道的
. I never try my best....
还记得这首歌是因为你我才知道的..我们的友谊是我亲手毁掉的..为什么当年要那么不懂事...... 
是的..
daddy, I'm sorry.
shitty results prove that I never put effort on my studies.
I'm useless.
去检查成绩才真的发觉我颓废了一整年 浪费了爸爸辛苦赚来给我补习的钱。
有定力点可以吗
我很讨厌自己很懒惰 把一整天的时间浪费在没有意义的事情上
生活就是烦人。
 那几点结束啊? 然后在哪里啊?
 okayyy 但是几点啊?
再颓废下去就完了...
 why you change this cover? OMG I'm so ugly😭
Bobby why so annoying😏😏
blowing hair✨✨
wedding dinner again😰
 不要整天乱乱想! think positive okayyy? 你知道爱你的人很多的..
 做么鬼啊?
为什么要伤风 我很想捶我鼻子😞
Fever 😏😏😏
真的很讨厌很累的时候被吵醒
那句谢谢只是显得我们之间跟陌生人没有分别。
爸爸 你很固执。
 你很坏诶😏
