高凌風+大眼睛+七束心香+台灣的歌 


牵不到你的手（这次高凌风儿子唱给老豆听） 

为什么有一些男人很小气 大男人注意 也很会吃醋



这是跟高凌风大哥在28/6/2008到新加坡演唱会跟他拿签名。高大哥 一路好走 
夏天的浪花 - 高凌風 
高凌風-牽不到你的手 

高凌風-惱人的秋風+燃燒吧火鳥+冬天裡的一把火 
高凌風-惱人的秋風+燃燒吧火鳥+冬天裡的一把火 
Going to print more flyers and get more business for the coming yr — feeling wonderful
姐 祝你生日快乐 永远青春美丽 
hehe, i will be ALONE celebrating Valentine day — feeling sad
祝大家元宵节和情人节快乐 — feeling excited
Lunar New Year's Eve Special 2014 
feeling cold
hi, anybody can give me a suggestion what kind of presents should i give for a guy for valentine present? thanks
Gastric, diara and vomiting... — feeling sick
又被骗了! 每次开空头支票。。。讲了等于没讲。。。 — feeling disappointed
Tired — feeling cold
Stupid LG hp again... really dam give a lot of problems... — feeling annoyed
今年的生日真的过得很高兴 尤其是我在年初九收到的第一个生日简讯发给我的人是大姐。谢谢你姐͵ 我也在这里也祝你和姐夫身体健康 心想事成。all the best to both of u. 我会努力的 — feeling happy
Fever and gastric pain... — feeling uncomfortable
Gatric pain again... vomit a few times since yesterday until now
Thanks for ur birthday present͵i like it
谢谢你们的祝福 我也在这里祝你们身体健康 想什么 就有什么 新年快乐 发啦
还要谢谢以下3个人。。。对不起 忘了感谢你们。。。。祝你身体健康 事事顺利 发发发
THANKS FOR UR BIRTHDAY WISHES， 也在这里祝你们身体健康 新年快乐 — feeling happy
hi to all fb friends, friends, sister and cousin, thanks for all ur birthday wishes.... ay im really very happy... 
正月初九 拜天公 祝大家身体健康 心想事成 发啦

减肥第一步: 跑步或 坐 sit up...这次一定要成功减肥
我要开始减肥了。。。哈哈
今天是大年初七 祝大家 人日快乐
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I called the shop who sell the LG hp to me just now but the phone had call off... shit...really dam cheating shop
stupid LG hp.....jammed again....
What happen to m1 line again? Cant access to internet.... — feeling annoyed


很快今天是大年初三͵ 我在这里祝FB的朋友们 新年快乐 心想事成 大家一起发啦
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
大年初一 最气的事又被人当猴子耍了 — feeling angry
马年到了 我在这里祝FB的朋友 新年快乐 身体健康 做生意的朋友 生意兴隆 发啦
6 days more will be Chinese New Year le...can feel the cny mood le... — feeling excited
2014.01.23 银色嘉年华 : 星星煮艺 
葉鉦汶-新年发大财-星星制作(SINGSING PRODUCTION) 
stupid flu coming bk again with body ache now — feeling tired
Stupid LG phone, hang again — feeling annoyed
hi friends, Chinese New Year is round at the corner. do u have any wishes for this coming CNY? Share with us here.. — feeling excited
Stupid...both the father and daughter r really dam troublesome͵ sickening and irriating... sickening family... — feeling annoyed
Stupid... really both of the father and
Sickness(giddness͵ block and running nose͵sore throat and back pain) pls let go off me... i had already suffered... 
遇到一个很讨厌又没有水准的人。。。 — feeling annoyed




im feeling cold and tired now... sleep only 2 hrs and cant sleep anymore...dnt know y — feeling sick
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Didnt do knitting for a long time — feeling bad



feel giddy and back pain — feeling tired


Cant sleep the whole nite after taking the medicine... dnt know y... — feeling tired
Feel cold — feeling tired








她12岁，供四个哥上大学，哥哥们为她穿孝衣，她是全村第一个未成年却能埋进祖林的人 
On my way to see doctor now
Stupid LG hp.. — feeling annoyed
Feel cold... — feeling sick
Having Block and running nose again — feeling sick










tired.. — feeling sleepy
when i was on my way to take a bus to khabit mrt, i saw a old lady age 80+ at my next blk, one hand pushing her... 




didnt see someone important almost one month.... — feeling sad




















































shit, sprain my knee again.....unlucky day...

heavy rain outside, can sleep without fan le


Love 97.2 FM - 幸福路 @ 缤纷万千在升菘 2014 

miss 
can feel cny mood liao after listening cny songs every where now 







empty promises again, very disappointed


















