 我也不明白，不会…… 哈哈哈
 不过女人固执，就一个对她好，这样就一辈子……很可悲~
这个世界上，没有丑人， 只有懒人…
而我就是懒人的这一款XD
My stomach made in china!!! :'( how to cure n get a healthy body~
 i ad written lol hahaha
 ya, got meaning wat…-.-
 oh quoted from somewhere XD
 hur??
I know i not suppose to blame God, but please fair to me… :)
 yup, u too brother ;)
I'm hungry and hot, omg, this kind of weather, Rain God, i beg u give us a heavy rain &gt;&lt; so stuffy
2013 goes, welcome 2014, hope i can better start from this year :) be optimistic
 我也有这样的经历！我跌倒了然后爬起来了， 他才来扶我~~ 而且他还看着我跌倒==
Really not able to act as a good gf, so bear with me, pity man:-Do_O
Zombie in houseXD!
当有人误会你了，不需解释；
因为误会你的人，脑海里已经有了答案；
你的解释……只是多于的借口……
 lol i'm transparent ………
 trade payable i know, investment i oso not sure, ad told cy to check for me i guess he just glance through cos no reply from him
 ad on lo
 which one?
  I guess notes of account oso got, eg. interim div per share plus final div per share then divided into two
 take the answer? U got ratio in ur report? So nice… can but i scare miss say will ask us how you find out…
 you have it?
 ya, my company consolisated statement of compprhensivr income got net div per share
 u go refer to Textbook la ISSH
 comment part i guess can be shorten but dunno ms. Say style &gt;&lt;!
 so nice can i me, i do until feel v sian
 if cannot, then u used second formula for dividend cover, PAT &amp;preference share
 wait ar, i guess my company consolisated income statement got shown net div per share lol, i check first
 u doing which ratio in investment ratios?
  share price r dividend's note to the account
 ya, gearing ratio lo… erm, u r starting to comment your ratios?
 ratios? Late afternoon i guess, cy said today before 12am today :D
 i see~ ok go do ur thing ba…
 woke up ad? Hahaha~ good "thumb up"
 GAMBATEH!! hehe
Whatever happens in the city, 
Is devoured by human being…
I believe that n it's so sad…
有没有爱着爱着就永远……的幸运？
信……？不信……？
别人没说，不代表他/她没不爽；
只是给你面子吧了，
不要不识好歹！
Warning to those gastric friends, if u r not eat on time then gastric will find you again :'(
 try lo :(
 i will but just this whole december oso not feeling well…
Time to sick, better sick please, everytime little infection i had enough!
Throat not feeling well, like owning a weak body :'( until now not recovered, when i can get a healthy n alive body~
 lol, u after class can back to sleep…
 i tot 31 oh :'(
 hur? Tmr ad start semester?
 oh ya! Okie then distribute at lecture
 hershey shop
 i bought chocolate for u all, how to distribute it?
 erm… no wor, cos i got limitation on money
 lol… hehe
 nvm i help u shop ad/ lol
 not pretty, should change to zombie more precise~~
 i no time, u don't disturb me argh!!! &gt;&lt;!!!
 U… !!!
 purposely disturb me this fella o_O
 -.--!!!
 not necessarily~~ study la
 heart sure different… :-Q
 hehe
 he wants to jealous i oso cannot do anything :-D
 quite but is true…
Coffee is my husband XD
 simple challenge lol
Life no challenge means nothing :)
一个人想，一个人走；
一个人哭，一个人伤心；
……………………………………
I gonna be a mushroom soon :'( i can't take it! Boredom, u go away don't affect my mood, i need to study now~
 :-Q
 is U!
 cos of u! Hng!
Once your heart cannot answer you, pain will give you the answer~ :)
 is it~? Doubtful
 no, definitely is sleep too much so today don't sleep too early XD
 this is a symptom of sleepu too much haha
 yes your head
 u ah
I can walk my college one whole round oso not as tired as today omg… speechless, most incredible is no one of them can speak english!!!
Frankly said, "chicken n duck talk" i really cannot take it~~
 my head around here u can't see
 see how lol XD
 o_O haha
 yes sir!!
 morning :-D
Word… word… all is WORD!!! ARGH~~
 u quite free hor
 =.=!!!
 haha! No why
 a lot but i dowan add haha
 hihi :-P
