最近我们对我信息真的少到不能再少 :(
RT : 妹妹啊 你好幸福哦 ((哭 
下次你可以带我去看宇彬哥哥么 ((滚+围殴 
RT : that "refreshed" feeling after a good shower 🚿💆
RT : 快乐的人不是没有痛苦，而是不会被痛苦所左右
RT : lol SM, SONE are waiting for u^^ (cr/seonana_ss) 
RT : The place where I want to go the most..... BWCW store T^T 
RT : 所以恐慌 所以胡闹 因为自己不敢面对
RT : Oh morning.
RT : 边伯贤奶奶中国后援会 噗 XDDDDS
RT : 我宁愿爱上一个我不能拥有的人，也不想拥有一个我无法爱上的人
RT : 有多重要？一点都不重要好不好
RT : 突然觉得今天我特别吵 特别多话讲 😂😂😂😂😂😂
RT : Nobody wants a job, we all just want money.
RT : 👏👏": Get It Together 👏🙏 Or Loose 👎 Me Forever 🌍 🙌 💯"
RT : 这算什么 小事一桩 :D
RT : Cheating cant be justified in any relationship. 
RT : 有个声音要我再撑
RT : No relationship is ever perfect &amp; I know I'm far from perfect but as long as you're willing to try, I'm willing to stay th…
RT : I hate when people only act nice when they want something, i'd respect it more if they kept being themselves.
RT : It's all or nothing.
RT : "@/CraveMyThoughts: wedding dress please 👰 " T.T
RT : 一起久了两个人的性格会逐渐互补 爱得多的脾气会变得越来越好 越来越迁就 被爱的性格则变得越来越霸道 仍然能走在一起 是因为其中一方在努力迎合。总有一个人会改变自己放下底线来迎合纵容你。不是天生好脾气 只是特别怕失去你 才宁愿把你越宠越坏困在怀里。其实…
RT : 想念那双手，那张脸。
RT : Never ignore a person who loves you and cares for you.
RT : WANT THAT BAG 😍 
RT : "@/LetsQuoteComedy: Remember? " ♥♥
晚安
RT : 约周公的时间要到了 晚安
我是个静到别人受不了的人
好朋友列外
RT : Lake Tahoe 
RT : “: Dont 🙅 leave 👋✌️wifey 👰💍 for a hoe 💆thats like dropping a diamond 💎 for a rock 🐚”
RT : You can accept the truth now or later, but you can't run from it forever.
RT : 沒有一個女生能忍受自己的男朋友對別的女生好. #oncall36hours 😂
RT : I fell in love with you. 
I don't know how. 
I don't know why. 
I just did.
RT : &gt; 
RT : U meet someone 👫 U start to care 😏 U catch feelings 😍 U fall for them 💏 U end up hurt 😔 U get back up 👍 U keep it movin…
RT : Perfect 😍💕 
重看原来是美男 再次对容和充满爱❤️！
RT : 你的「他」只能带你上上床
我的「他」却能带我上教堂

你的「他」只会褪去你的衣裳
我的「他」却让我当上新嫁娘
RT : "I'm one of those people who won't leave you in the dark. I'll stay there with you ti'll you find your way."
RT : who else used to play this game and had no idea what you were doing? 
RT : hey  新年到 让我们带着新的希望奔跑xDD
RT : Twitter is not a safe place anymore..
RT : Sooooo bored.
RT : He fall asleep again 😩
RT : 今天又酱过了
RT : Sometimes you want to lay down and cry. Sometimes you want to stand up and fly. All I want to do is not live in a lie.
RT : I think it's cute when you know that someone is making an effort to make you smile.
RT : The moment when you're super tired but you just can't fall asleep.
RT : I know we aren't close anymore, but I'll always care.
“: A relationship is more than finding the right person.. it's being the right person.”
RT : When people ask me, "Plz" because it's shorter than "Please", I tell them "No" because it`s shorter than "Yes".
想你了😢
RT : Sometimes you only forgive a person because you can’t imagine not having them in your life.
RT : 明天年三十咯~~ 吃团圆饭 :3
晚安全世界 ;)
RT : 很讨厌那种感觉 很累又睡不着
RT : If they don't appreciate you, they don't deserve you.
RT : me in math 
RT : 心又开始冷了
RT : No girlfriend wants another girl tweeting about her man, talking to him, texting him, thinking about him, looking at h…
RT : In the end they'll still judge you anyway so whatever.
RT : 累了，就睡吧。晚安，地球人。
RT : Don't judge me. You can't handle half of what I've dealt with. There's a reason I do the things I do, there's a reason…
RT : 真的很希望世界是如此简单的，没有烦恼，没有嫉妒，没有讨厌，没有分歧，没有孤独...而人类是如此的单纯、美好，或者不就是应该这样吗？
RT : Fuck the people that talk about me behind my back and smile in my face.
RT : If I tell you I love you, can I keep you forever?
RT : 不是猜不透，而是我们想得太深了。
RT : ": 多麽想回到之前 玩得多麽痛快"
RT : 幸福的忘记 ..
RT : When I see you... 👀 
RT : people who smile at you when you make eye contact with them are my favorite kind of people
RT : 我不美 可是我很享受人家讲“素颜美女” 哈哈哈
RT : I get so damn jealous when it comes to you.
RT : Now that you're mine, I'll give you all my love and care and I'll be true and faithful all of this to you I swear.
RT : 安心的幸福莫过于三件事：有人信你，有人陪你，有人等你。
RT : #TiffanyTuesday 
RT : Before I die, I want to 
RT : ": 那就这样吧，痛了还是一样痛，毫无差别"
RT : 爱请问怎么走#A-lin
RT : “: 在推特發洩就是那麼好 
自言自語也不會很奇怪”
RT : 多麽想回到之前 玩得多麽痛快
RT : 那就这样吧，痛了还是一样痛，毫无差别
RT : 1点了，好多孩子都还没睡觉
RT : This is so adorable 💕 
RT : 我特别怕在我主动联系某人想说什么的时候久久得不到回应 或在多久后得到几个字的敷衍 瞬间没了说下去的心情
RT : Yeah ?? 
RT : perfect family 
RT : “: Tiffany blue ? ” 💙💙💙😍😍😍
RT : 
RT : Such a powerful picture... 
: 我討厭一大群陌生人聚在一起
RT : Every girl would like to, 
RT : 不管你是什么英雄 得罪我的姐妹你就一定变狗熊
RT : 每個人嚮往的方向不同
大家都是努力朝着自己的方向
RT : 真想找一个人 不拍拖 就陪着我做什么都行
RT : My friendship comes in 3 levels:

1) sarcasm
2) insults
3) inappropriate sexual humor
RT : It's crazy how you can go weeks or even months without talking to someone and they still cross your mind every day.
宝贝 陪伴是最重要的啊😔😣😞
RT : Always be thankful for everything you have.
RT : Things I Miss About My Childhood: ✔No problems ✔No hates ✔No shames ✔No stress ✔No heartbreaks ✔No school ✔Life was easier
RT : Don't promise when you're happy, Don't reply when you're angry, and don't decide when you're sad.
RT : The Definition of Study 
RT : 连一句最简单的祝福你都忘了
明天准备做坏事 然后回家面壁思过 😫😢
RT : 钱不是万能 但没钱你什么都不能
RT : floral heels 😍👌 &gt;&gt;&gt; 
RT : “: Today will be the sleepless night .”
RT : Amazing pool . 
RT : 👍👍 
RT : When I'm with you, I feel like I'm a better person. I feel happier... less alone, less lonely.
RT : 爱情是一个将一对陌生人变成情侣，又将一对情侣变成陌生人的游戏。
妈蛋 不够钱 😒
RT : How peaceful is this? 
RT : 别人记不记得是他们的事，你活着不是为了取悦他们
RT : 当别人问你你不想回答的问题时，就笑着说：“你为什么想知道？”
RT : too much perfection in one picture 😍👌 
RT :   我还真的搞不清楚状况叻 很乱
RT : everyone getting emo in the middle of night. to avoid i bcome one of them, i better go and sleep. blinkkkkkk
RT : 听说你比从前开心 我还能有怎样的情绪
RT : 有点敷衍 有点尴尬了
RT : “: ”
RT : These pencils tho lol 
 不要心虚
RT : RT 珍惜会珍惜你的人
RT : 眼看showtime 都快结束了😭
RT : 我喜歡妳但我配不上妳
鬼不知你啊妈是女人
RT : 真的还是会很难过
RT : BASICALLY... 
RT : 我觉得我每次玩电话好像忽略了很多东西
RT : 我覺得我的衣服還不夠
RT : Miss being around you
RT : "有些事情，你想记得的就会记得。有些事情，你想忘记的就会忘记，如果忘记不了，那就不要忘记了，因为忘记是不需要努力的。"—— 《春娇与志明》 
“: 你高中爱上的那个人 会是你这辈子最爱的 这段感情没有小学的无知 没有初中的朦胧 没有大学的利益 没有社会的现实 它有的只是我们内心最真实的感觉”
RT : 在美国动物收容所内,一名义工摄影师举着相机,流着泪,在替一个即将安乐死的狗狗拍照。然而镜头前的狗,不知道自己的生命即将终止,于是面对镜头仍露出了灿烂的笑容。兽医说：“真正的悲剧并不是替他们执行‘安乐死’，而是我们除此之外别无选择。” http://…
RT : 回忆只能怀念 却不能重演
RT : 最心淡的感覺不是孤獨寂寞， 而是心裡早已沒有任何期望。
RT : "我开始一点点的看透人情世故 开始越来越不爱说话 好像沉默会比较少烦恼 我开始一点点的看透爱情友情 开始越来越不爱主动 似乎沉默会比较少受伤 我慢慢长大 慢慢成熟 也开始慢慢对这个世界没有感觉 充满厌倦 一路有人叮嘱 你要学会适应生活 改变…
“: What I choose is you. You're who I want to wake up with and go to bed with.”
RT : 更本从来都不需要你 欠你的我会一次过还你
RT : 每天都有sad case发生在我身上,坑爹的草泥马
RT : 《EXO’s showtime》因寒假的到来，收视率猛增。根据收视率调查机构的统计，平均收视率最高收视率为1.902%，勇夺同时段有线台节目收视率第一的宝座。收看对象范围较广，受众从十几岁的青少年到40多岁的中年人。在節目中可看到EXO日常生活的记录，也…
RT : 新年假期真少
RT : 当你受了欺负退一步海阔天空时别人说你懦弱 你要拼个你死我活时别人又说你鲁莽 当别人指着你的痛楚大笑时你生气别人说你开不起玩笑 你陪笑别人又以为你是个软柿子好捏 所以千万别为别人而活 你要有自己的思想和原则 决定去做了就要坚持 每个人都会长…
“: This is what you gotta do when your girl is on her period fellas ”
“: 如果你心里面已经有了人就千万不要让别人爱上你”
RT : ": 永远不要想念你不曾拥有的"
RT : can we grow old together? 
RT : ": 真的很多人玩推特了"
RT : 我不懂怎樣跟你溝通 一直無言 你要我怎樣跟你講話
RT : yep 😍😋 
RT : 嗯 永远不会打扰你了。
RT : scrEAMS 😱 
RT : “: 吉米状态 "努力克制 这个新年不能变肥" 可是你已经很肥了 -.-” lolololol XD
RT : mood: wish you were here
RT : 吃完饭，男的买单的是情侣，女的买单的是夫妻，抢着买单的是同学，都不想买单的是兄弟...
“: 愿每一个相信爱的女生，都能成为爱里打不倒的战士。”
RT : 生活在一个城市里，或者爱一个人，又或者做某件事，时间久了，就会觉得厌倦，就会有一种想要逃离的冲动。也许不是厌倦了这个城市、爱的人、坚持的事，只是给不了自己坚持下去的勇气。那些以前说着永不分离的人，早已经散落在天涯了.
RT : Bed in wall. 
RT : 不想说话
RT : best bitches 😉 
RT : floral crop top with high waisted shorts and boots &gt;&gt;&gt; 
RT : bows 😍🎀 
RT : 
RT : 原来我只会惹你麻烦。
RT : "我看这世界上没人比我更簑了  喝口水都会呛死 ... " 尼玛哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈
喜欢艺兴的呆呆眼👀 😍👍💕💭
RT : No soy el único que lo ha hecho, ¿Verdad? 
RT : MC：说说新年愿望吧
鹿晗：希望爱我们的人还有我爱的人都能健健康康万事如意
MC：那么请问爱的是谁啊? 
鹿哥指着观众席说：都在这坐着呢。
RT : 看到家里酱多汽水 感觉很爽
RT : 真实，是人生的最高境界。什么是真实？就是不撒谎、不做作、不违背良心，纯乎心性而行。不作假，本身的优点缺点一目了然，所以能不自负也不自卑。淡然并不是伪装出来的，而是一种积淀。人永远都不会老，老去的只是容颜，时间会让一颗有思想的灵魂，变得越来越动人.
RT : 有了很爱很爱的人 就该守己安分 别再奢望更好的人
RT : "我觉得，对我来说最迫切的问题，是迄今为止我没能真正地爱上谁，有生以来，我从没有无条件地爱过一个人，从没有产生过为了谁可以抛弃一切的心情，连一次都没有。"——村上春树《1Q84》
RT : 在别人面前他不说话 在你面前却什么都能说
RT : 他妈的你最好小心一点
RT : "在等待的日子里，刻苦读书，谦卑做人，养得深根，日后才能枝叶茂盛。"——《修好这颗心》
RT : 当我问你怎么了，不是为了听你随口说一句没事。
妈蛋 那烟花吓到我两次了
RT : Important things: 
RT : 以前我最怕朋友说,你变了,感觉好像自己不如以前了,现在也会听到,也只是笑一笑,想想其实人不都在变吗,性格习性甚至样貌身形,只要你想,坚持去做,没有什么是不能改变的,没有谁是永远不可一世的,碰多了钉子自然就会磨去锐气,胖过的瘦子,没人有理由…
RT : 果然就是
RT : I need someone who won’t give up on me, no matter how many times I mess up.
RT : Do you even think of her feelings?
RT : "EXO IS GAY"
"EXO STANS ARE THE WORST"

ME: 
michellewng's photo 
aurora_magic's photo 
aurora_magic's photo 
我静不静 说不说话 管你们什么事
RT : 不要想太多 妈妈说的
RT : Audrey Hepburn 
RT : 我愛過幾個人 也被愛過幾遍 卻還是沒能讓幸福留下 。
RT : 朋友不会背叛你 , 背叛你的就不是朋友 , 不是朋友有什么好难过的。
RT : yay 
RT : That's what I really mean most of the time. 
RT : One week . Just one week . Pleaseeee
RT : 神了 最近最喜欢睡觉。。
RT : EXO真的每位都是土豪啊!!俊勉就不說....韜的車就好豪華  現在鹿鹿的錢包小小的就貴的嚇死人......一個錢包就台幣4萬多(哪招
RT : CHOOSE 😝 
RT : Words to live by 
蚂蚁🐜在我眼镜👓镜片上跑来跑去 😐😑👊
