我正在看《Big Risk for Investors in 2014? Doing Nothing -》这篇文章，还不错。文章链接：
Ironically, Every Investor Thinks They're A Contrarian  via @bi_contributors
RT : Stop Wishing. Start Doing.
"If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done."  -- Bruce Lee
‘Bond-mageddon’—Not so fast  via 
Eurozone exceeds hopes in recovery -   via 
日本提前用完今后29年的钱 安倍火一把老百姓吃菜咽糠-新闻频道-和讯网
Star mutual fund manager Henry Ellenbogen warns on US small-caps -   via 
-- China: Funds on the edge - 
In EM markets, active funds outperform passive funds such as ETF; in developed markets, it is the reverse because of "market efficiency".
Stock market skeptics struggle to time next correction - Market Extra  via 
Double death of decoupling  via 
Liquidity = volatility in EM  via 
-- Municipal bond investors return after mini-break following Detroit - 
经济学家称美元地位受人民币冲击但难以撼动 -新闻频道-和讯网
王石：“不行贿”作为我的标签是社会太荒唐(图)-新闻频道-和讯网
Junk Bond Default Rate Drops To 1.8% In January  via 
RPT-Fitch: Robust start for European high yield bonds in 2014  via @reuters
Junk Bond Risk Narrowest to European High Grade in Seven Years  via 
Europe’s corporate recovery clipped by euro -   via 
Chances are high of mass exodus from EM -   via 
EMs are paying the price of ETF liquidity -   via 
Market is "adjusting" to the Fed's tapering.
RT : "The great end of life is not knowledge but action." ~Thomas Henry Huxley #quotes
Emerging markets: The money has to go somewhere | The Economist 
Be careful of the "fragile five" countries: Brazil, India, Indonesia, South Africa and Turkey.
China is now cheaper than Turkey 
Courts, voters and the threat of another euro crisis -   via 
China squeeze is hampering Asian growth -   via 
George Soros picks up $5.5bn as Quantum Endowment fund soars -   via 
Taper time-bomb hits US high-yield debt -   via 
Southeast Asian markets confound EM sceptics -   via 
Richard Buxton: ‘I don’t see myself as a star fund manager’ -   via 
RT : « A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct... http…
RT : We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same. - Carlos Castaneda http…
RT : Those who follow the crowd usually get lost in it.
Mobius Says Emerging-Market Selloff to Deepen on Outflows  via 
台湾科技股风光不再 投资者热衷购买中国概念股-新闻频道-和讯网
September 2014, the Scots will hold referendum - whether to stay in UK and go independence!
The English make the case for the break-up of Britain -   via 
Scottish independence: the 30 essential charts | Off Message |  
Singapore buyers pile into London’s prime property market -   via 
How 2014’s upbeat story turned into a scary thriller -   via 
Emerging markets: cheap, cheaper, cheapest  via 
-- The case for a healthy correction - 
-- Consensus fails as investor bets unravel - 
美媒：日本工资水平创新低 安倍经济学前景堪忧——分享自环球网@环球网 
自信，来自自尊。自尊是一个人对自己的自我价值的肯定，是外部环境无法撼动的自我认知。
为什么美国的孩子都很自信 - 
Singapore to introduce new trading rules -   via 
Japan brokers urge revamp on savings accounts -   via 
Data shocks are big barrier to dollar rally -   via 
Japan: Return of the zombies  via 
John Bogle: Retirement investors leave 80% on the table  via 
The EM’s ‘fragile 8′ must save themselves | Gavyn Davies |  
Original sin in emerging markets: it’s back | beyondbrics |  
Fund investors drop stocks for bonds in record numbers 
Emerging markets: cheap, cheaper, cheapest  via 
新兴市场遭遇信任危机 中国等仍面临资本流入-新闻频道-和讯网
日媒：除了汽车 日本还有什么可以打遍全球的商品 - 
More global stock markets enter correction  via 
Buy and hold, or trade in and out?  via 
Charting the worst hit in the emerging market retreat | FT Data  via 
Gundlach, Gross fund outflows highlight embattled bond market  via 
The future still belongs to the emerging markets -   via 
Emerging markets: cheap, cheaper, cheapest  via 
Emerging markets are badly served by ETFs -   via 
新兴市场货币保卫战：1997年金融风暴或重现——分享自环球网@环球网 
Investors pull $12bn from EM stocks - 
US purchases of European stocks surge - 
China becomes top gold consumer in 2013 - 
Emerging markets suffer a developing hangover - 
Flagship M&amp;G funds hit by slump - 
RT : What is right is not always popular and what is popular is not always right. - Albert Einstein 
高西庆：指责中投持美债贬值缩水的都是外行 
The Reit answer for property investors? - 
Argentina effect hits emerging currencies - 
邓紫棋《存在》
A guide to El-Erian’s investment record -   via 
El-Erian’s exit adds to risks at Pimco -   via 
Shine comes off southeast Asia’s banks -   via 
Asian wealth: gambling on property -   via 
Big investors like BlackRock bet against Bill Gross on Fed  via 
China overtakes US as largest goods trader - 
Shrinks with cash on the couch -   via 
All Norwegians become millionaires as oil fund balloons 
[video] Tapering is “not significant” for EM, says Mobius - 
Do not bet on a broad EM recovery - 
Oil and gas: A new frontier - 
US oil boom drives trade deficit to 4-year low - 
China opens capital markets to Ashmore - 
Era of renminbi dawns as China evolves - 
Pimco’s Gross suffers tough 2013 - 
Strong credit markets fuel refinancing - 
稻盛和夫:  欧美的思维方式则是只顾利己，毫无利他之心的。其理论基础是只要自己能赚钱，对方再苦也无所谓。成果主义就充满了利己的味道，只要努力取得成果，工资要多少有多少。也就是以利己为本施展技巧。我不认为这是应有的形态，所以我呼吁技巧应该在利他之心的基础上施展。
稻盛和夫: 经营的根基在于怎样才能盈利。但我认为，在思考这个问题之前，首先要具备“利他之心”。自己想赚钱，但如果不能关心对方，让对方也获利，也就是缺少利他之心的话，到头来也会是一场空。
El-Erian: Here are 4 reasons to be skeptical of the QE exit  via 
Bloomberg - Latin America’s Rout Seen Extending Into Next Year: Currencies 
6 market surprises for 2014 - Matthew Lynn's London Eye  via 
华为的秘密：为何世界都怕它？
Will Ukraine's Riots Batter a Star Bond Investor?  via 
每三年一次的国际学生评估项目测试-PISA12月3日公布:上海学生在数学成绩分布上整体高于其他国家，且高端优势特别明显。 男生和女生在数学总量表上不存在显著性差异，但男生在数学表述、数学阐释两个过程分量表上显著高于女生，并且在变化和关系、数量两个内容领域分量表上，男生有显著优势。
Robert Shiller ‘most worried’ about bubble in U.S. stock market  via 
Loomis Sayles’ Dan Fuss: This bond market favors patience  via 
金岩石：股市最后一座大山移除 股指将涨超一倍-股票频道-和讯网
Stock hedging: blowing bubbles -   via 
罗杰斯：全球储户正被血洗 - 
Why active equity managers should be scared of Gundlach, Gross  via 
BRIC Markets Sink to Worst Place for Investors in Poll - Bloomberg via  
If bubbles are out there these 10 sages will warn us  via 
Japan Pension Fund Urged to Diversify as Independent Body  via 
Debt Limit Rise May Not Be Needed Until June, CBO Says  via 
Why diversification isn’t working - Howard Gold's No-Nonsense Investing  via 
So what’s a steepening yield curve anyway?  via 
Rich make same investment errors as rest -   via 
Even pro-business Swiss look at limiting CEO pay - Matthew Lynn's London Eye  via 
三星接班学：早立“太子”传贤不传嫡 - 
三星是一个高度集权的企业。在三星，李健熙开口，无人敢说一个“不”字。虽然有着“皇帝”般的威严，但李健熙最擅长的却是倾听。在李健熙作为三星副会长上任的第一天，父亲李秉喆亲自挥笔为他写下了“倾听”二字。
Steer Europe away from hidden rocks - 
Yellen respite for EM may prove temporary - 
China’s A shares poised to go global - 
Markets bet QE cannot last for much longer - 
Corporate default risk models are broken -   via 
世界巨富教子之道 - 
会制造噪音的团队，才会磨出美丽的石头 - 
Unsung hero #forbesmagazine  via @forbes
Gold demand falls to four-year low - 
The anniversary no market timer should ever forget - Mark Hulbert  via 
Franklin Templeton takes $5bn Ukraine debt gamble -   via 
Where to Invest in 2014?  via 
The conundrum for equities investors -   via 
Small no longer looks quite so beautiful -   via 
Stocks edge up; Dow hits record close, 35th this year - Market Snapshot  via 
China grants U.S. investors indirect access to stocks  via 
Germany is a weight on the world -   via 
Euro on the slide as traders back ECB rate cut -   via 
"It is not what asset you bought but at what price you had paid for that asset."
"The important is not what you see but what you don't see."
Quant funds suffer dismal ‘QE’ losing run - 
"It is better to be roughly right than precisely wrong." -- John Maynard Keynes
Pimco loses fund crown to Vanguard - 
You really can time the stock market - Brett Arends's ROI  via 
The best plays for November   via 
European junk bonds hit a sweet spot - 
EM investors shun state-controlled stocks - 
How bad will new investors get hit?  via 
Defaults Seen Below Crisis Levels in Next Cycle, Moody’s Says  via 
Europe’s junk debt returns outpace US -   via 
中医公布身体6个“救命”穴位 高血压按摩桥弓穴 
BlackRock’s Fink on ‘bubble-like markets’: Fed needs to taper  via 
$277 billion into stock funds so far this year; highest since 2000  via 
Aussie at risk of 25% decline by 2016: Societe Generale 
5 signs the market bulls are wrong - Brett Arends's ROI  via 
Why market timing doesn’t work  via 
Brainwashed investors can’t grasp Nobel ideas - Paul B. Farrell  via 
China bond market emerges from the shadows -   via 
Indian equities -   via 
Profit warnings from small companies rise -   via 
英国《经济学人》杂志在今年初开辟了新的中国专页，为有关中国的文章提供更多的版面。这是70年来，该杂志首次为一个国家开辟专页。上一次，  是在1942年开辟的美国专页。
No alternative to dollar except chaos - 
Did QE only boost the price of Warhols? - 
话说一名青年问禅师，“我很富有但不快乐。我该怎么办？”禅师回答：“何谓‘富有’？”青年说，“我在银行有上百万存款，北京市中心有三套房子。不算富有吗？”禅师没说话，向他伸出一只手，青年恍然大悟：“大师，您是让我懂得感恩和回报吗？”“不……土豪，我们可以做朋友吗？”禅师说。
Neil Woodford quits Invesco Perpetual in shock departure  via 
Fama and Shiller in the spotlight  via 
Late Fed taper may do more harm than good for emerging nations  via @reuters
Pimco’s Gross Doubles Flagship Fund’s Non-U.S. Developed Bonds - Businessweek via  
Fidelity sheds government bonds coming due  via 
曲黎敏讲《黄帝内经》智慧养生 
How Investors Lose 89 Percent of Gains from Futures Funds  via 
Israeli's 10th man rule - any major decision should be put before a panel of 10 people; when 9 panellists agreed on a particular outcome,
it’s the 10th person’s obligation to dissent—and to plan for what will happen if that unlikely outcome is realized.
Are consultants a waste of space?  via 
Psychology: Time is not money | The Economist 
Debt Armageddon puts game theory to test - 
7 out of 19 sovereign wealth fund are based in middle east.
In Asia, in general, Taiwan companies (listed) is pro-dividend payout, but not the Korean.
Dollar-based system inherently unstable - 
U.S. to overtake Russia as world’s top oil and gas producer: WSJ  via 
Dividend stocks are losing their allure -   via 
Wall Street fears mount over US default -   via 
RT : Hasenstab: Tapering means Fed isn’t pumping water into the pool, but pool is still filled with global liquidity. http://t.co/bQ…
阿里蔡崇信发文叫板港交所：香港不创新恐变沉舟-
UK fund bosses eye EM equity markets -   via 
Malaysia: flat is the new up -   via 
李光耀：任何政权、宗教、思想都无法征服世界 - 
“我的人生不是依靠某种哲学或某些理论指导的。。。我不会搞理论。相反，我会问：怎样才能做好这项工作呢？如果我在查看一系列解决方案之后发现某个方案切实可行，那么我就会努力找出这个解决方案背后的原则。”
“严峻的考验是成绩，而不是承诺。”
9月28日据香港文汇报报道，李嘉诚旗下电能昨日宣布，将分拆上市主要为香港供电的港灯，套现305亿元“走人”。在最近一个多月的时间里，相继抛售百佳超市、上海陆家嘴物业410亿港元的中港资产。
知识层面还是知慧层面？
"I don't want to be liked.  I want to be respected." -- Jack Ma
“好运气”出现的概率往往是很少的
Sovereign wealth funds turn to emerging markets -   via 
ETFs need to be handled with care -   via 
《易经的智慧》00源远流长 - 
Man Group goes long on Asian analysts - 
Rethinking the origins of life -   via 
On the march with the small-caps - 
Shares move from ‘hope’ to ‘growth’ story - 
US could run out of funds by October 17 -   via 
为何认为欧债危机尚未终结？
