Congratulations to my 老乡  on the giant slalom win in Sochi. Here's why he's so good: 
RT : Won by a nose. MT : Chinese pass Americans as top medical tourists to S Korea on plastic surgery visits htt…
9,833 visits for plastic surgery help China overtake U.S. as top source of medical tourists to S. Korea: 
RT : Ted Ligety in lead in Olympics Giant Slalom - here are some of the many non-skiing nations to come …
RT : Reuters is quoting the wife of an Australian Christian missionary saying he has been arrested in Pyongyang. #DPRK
RT : Love these photos of Asian kids trading clothes with their grandparents.     http:/…
 Error in 1st graf. 'Rou' is Chinese word for meat. 'Zhurou' means pork. Worse, failed to mention this: 
Chinese olive oil demand is fueling a run on Australian olive groves: 
RT : hell's bells -- a potent pack of photos from #Kiev today:  via 
RT : Another Zhou Yongkang aide bites the dust. 
ICYMI: Smart take from @johndelury on China's role in North Korea human rights abuses 
RT : "House of Cards" writer Kenneth Lin on China, the U.S., power and stereotypes: 
RT : I spent a week buying real-world things with bitcoin, and so should you. Here's how to avoid losing your shirt: http://…
RT : China tries to solve flight delays by closing 457 air training zones to improve civilian air traffic …
China's soldiers are apparently now too big for their tanks:  (photo: EPA) 
Ai Weiwei is not amused at the dude who smashed his vase in Miami: 
China vice crackdown likely to make sex industry even more corrupt. Good point by : 
RT : ‘Beijing Love Story’ Review: Chen Sicheng’s Ensemble Romantic Comedy | Variety 
RT : my take on Kim &amp; Park starting talks, the Rajin railroad, and US NK policy quagmire for  
RT : Florida artist smashes Chinese dissident 's $1M vase in Miami museum in protest  - by 's  http://t.co/02…
If you build it, we'll let you in. RT : To show more Hollywood movies, China needs more theaters. 
RT : "House of Cards" did its homework on China: 
RT : Headline from China Daily, April 29, 1989 
RT : Readers: We're moving. Please follow  for the latest news out of China. 
Proud to announce we've signed up  as @chinarealtime's Internet/censorship columnist. His 1st, on Bing:  
Which Chinese provinces are buried under the most debt? A helpful WSJ interactive:  
  Yeah, terrible.
Excellent Paul Verhoven retrospective from   Nice to see 'Starship Troopers' getting its due.
RT : Local governments' debt levels are rapidly rising. See a map with province-by-province data:  http…
RT : You had me at construction. #PBOCValentines
RT : How do I love thee, let me count the ways I can smuggle cash into China to invest in your WMPs. #PBOCValentines
RT : My love for you will remain basically stable at a rational and balanced level. #PBOCValentines
RT : 103- and 105-year-old Sichuan couple celebrate their 90th Valentine's Day (started young):  http://t…
RT : Construction worker of the Empire State Building, by Lewis Wickes Hine, 1931 
RT : Beautiful skiing near Sochi today. Helpful signage too. 
RT : China sees a worrying history lesson in corn: 
RT : Xi Jinping can be tough to figure out. In this speech, he's an anti-capitalist Confucian socialist. 
  Depends on what you mean by "harness." Does an occasionally attached rope around the waist count?
RT : Dizzying images from a secret climb to the top of China's tallest tower:  (Vitaliy Raskalov) http:…
RT : Credit to  for paying their interns $700/week. They're hiring 
RT : Viva! RT  China moon rover Yutu still alive
RT : A 7-magnitude earthquake jolted China's Xinjiang at 5:19 p.m. Wednesday, according to the China Earthquake Networks Center
The question on everyone's mind. RT : Is China's export boom real? Economists react: 
I'm trying to imagine a better road trip. Can't. "Sochi or Bust: Have Niva, Need Hammer" 
RT : Search Tiananmen in Chinese on Bing and it gives related searches linking to the massacre. Tibet gets Free Tibet rec: http:/…
RT : Thank you! RT : Yes, WSJ has a whole slideshow of Putin drinking things at the Sochi Olympics. http://t.co/Mwu1fEFS…
RT : You don't read headline like this everyday: Suicide Bomb Trainer in Iraq Accidentally Blows Up His Class http://t.co/aachuLT…
RT : Not a joke “: 4:20PM: Cold Weather Warning is now in force
 ”
China's newest text-message scam: "Dad, I've been arrested while playing in Dongguan" (爸，我在东莞玩被抓了，速汇款５０００元到ｘ警官工行卡ｘｘｘ) 
Chinese people to consume average of 64 lbs. of meat per year by 2020:   Still 100 lbs. less than U.S. avg.
RT : Why one analyst says the yuan could actually be overvalued: 
RT : Baidu Translate app has a message for Free Tibet supporters:  
Sex worker exposé blows up in CCTV's face:  
RT : Shanghai's fashionistas beat Tokyo's Harajuku girls, Hong Kong's hipsters for style crown.  http:/…
RT : Says a lot about the NFL when Michael Sam goes on the record as being a gay athlete but NFL general managers want anon…
RT : Chinese activists converge on city over dissident's father's murky death - by 's  
RT : New use of Baidu migration tracker: departures from Dongguan after prostitution crackdown  http://t.…
RT : Netizens on Weibo siding with Dongguan following China's prostitution crackdown: "央视无情，人间有爱。挺住东莞" "莞不哭,今晚，我们都是嫖客","央视曝光东莞色…
RT : NFL execs anonymously say that Michael Sam will fall in the draft, but that the best-run teams would take him http://t.c…
Enrolled in a Chinese university and interested in journalism? We have a (modestly) paid internship position open: 
RT : Fascinating. MT  watches Communist Party officials in media &amp; crisis training at a party school: http://t.co/W…
Daisy, Daisy....RT : Here is Patrick Stewart dressed as the Jade Rabbit: 
RT : I now fully get the US's obesity problem: In NYC watching a Subway Sandwich commercial touting the new Fritos on a Cheese…
RT : State of Journalism in China  by     Qian Gang, Luo Changpi…
RT : Heh.  now has more followers than the official Sochi account, 
RT : Korean-American lobby wins vote on Virginia textbooks' reference to Sea of Japan, frustrating Tokyo, delighting Seoul htt…
Ha. RT : Nicely played, Google! 
Here's the @chinarealtime guide to China's Olympic hopefuls: 
RT : I have dispatched my top athletes to #Sochi. 
RT : How to survive hotel in #Sochi:
#SochiProblems #Sochi2014 #Olympics 
ICYMI (like I did), 's live tweeting of the CCTV Spring Festival Gala was gold 
Brutal NY Observer broadside at NYT editorial page has to have @aaronback grinning ear-to-ear: 
RT : RT : The slogan of the Sochi Olympics is "Hot. Cool. Yours." Only the last two words applied to my shower t…
RT :  I thinks there's a strong case for the language barrier contributing to lower numbers of Chinese VPN users. ht…
China surprisingly behind India, Vietnam and Thailand in VPN usage: 
RT : In Slickness and in Wealth--'s wide angle view of Chinese wedding photography w/commentary by -http://t.co…
 Not new. Just a mark of Weibo's steady decline since new rules/intimidation of influential users last fall. @adamminter
 Only Sina and the State Council Information Office know for sure, but my guess is the algorithm has undergone some "adjustment."
 No longer my 1st read of the day. Mostly useful now as outlet for official gov't statements.
How Sina Weibo has fallen: 3 of top 5 hottest posts from People's Daily and CCTV.
RT : For China tweeps just starting their Wednesday, link to my latest, on "Fu Manchui and Lao She" 
For a lot of travelers in China, it's the Year of the Horsepower:  great stuff from WSJ's  and Rose Yu
RT : Road trip, China-style: Lunar New Year travelers increasingly choose to drive  
RT : +1 RT : I like Baidu translate a lot, but this is brilliant:  
RT : NYTimes: My story on vanished relic of ancestral area of Taishan - A Long Goodbye for a Lost Railroad - http://t.co/MQPrO2…
Good, clear analysis of Chinese law in the wake of activist crackdown, from Stanley Lubman: 
RT : Lost on Taiwan bike trip at 7:30am,  asks man on scooter drinking beer for directions  (nice …
RT : Beijing isn't the only city cracking down on barbecue. Seoul teams up with China's capital to combat air pollution: http…
RT : Indian media recently said Dehli had replaced Beijing as the world's most polluted capital. But did it really? http://t.co/gvA…
  Meant to say even for those who AREN'T "engaged" politically.
 Extremely hard to untangle causes. Weixin has been around 3 yrs. Crackdown maybe not *main* impetus, but certainly major factor.
  Crackdown diminishes Weibo's value as a news platform even for those who are "engaged" politically.
+1 MT : Great statistical look at decline of Sina Weibo and effects of gov't crackdown, by : 
RT : Did a billionaire Chinese microblogger briefly return to digital public square after his release from confinement? http://t.co/Uk…
Not just another organ:  on why you should pay attention to China's national security commission: 
RT : Love conquers all. Well, the DMZ anyway: The North-South Korean dating scene 
The unique quiet of Beijing on Lunar New Year's morning. Like  idling of a Mack truck that has just come to a screeching halt.
Safe travels. RT : Now boarding 
RT : RT : Inspired by China’s bias toward boys, this artist created terracotta army of girls  http…
RT : We look behind the departure of the "invisible man" who manages China's vast cash hoard. 
RT : Bike box checked and I'm now thru immigration. Flight delayed an hour. Air China isn't ready to let me go just yet.
RT : RT : NYT’s Austin Ramzy raises a glass to journalistic integrity on final night in Beijing. http://t.co/…
RT : Holding up half the sky, yet denied a job lest they can't lift water bottles. Beijing woman challenges discrimination ht…
Typo in second-to-last tweet, should be Hubei not Hebei. Thanks 
Policewomen on the catwalk, costumes made by inmates: Women's prison in NE China holds its own Lunar New Year gala 
A Chinese lawyer has submitted a public records request on Hebei province $130K gift to Li Na. 
RT : While #SOTU dominates Twitter, trending higher on China's Weibo is #AliensControlTheUS 
RT : Obama says foreign investors prefer the US over China—and here’s his proof  by @timfernholz
RT : Old Media dinosaurs can only dream of bringing me the same unremarkable SOTU quote 16 times as quickly as Twitter does.
RT : Obama: "Our immigration system is broken" #SOTU
RT : Yes please  RT : Better SOTU:  (Cheers, )
RT : It's great to see three races represented on the dais: black, white, and orange together as one.  #StateOfTheUnion
RT : Full text of Obama's speech as prepared for delivery:   via 
RT : Follow our live coverage of 's State of the Union speech:  #SOTU
RT : In our new poll, just 3% say the state of the union is "strong." Top picks? "Divided," "troubled" &amp; "deteriorating" http://t…
RT : NYT story coming too.  - Zhu Changhong Has Resigned as SAFE Chief Investment Officer, Agency... ht…
RT :     I don't blame anyone for accepting free money. Question here is why give it?
RT :    if Li refuses the money it's going to generate so many headlines and even more unwan…
  Maybe she gives it to charity.
 Could she really not accept it? A big slap in the face, with cameras rolling. Also looks dazed from flight. 
Li Na is not impressed: 
RT : Ha. RT : Li Na elated by 800,000 rmb bonus from Hubei government:  
RT : Indeed! RT : Germany's outfits for the Winter Olympics. Well played, Germany - well played indeed. http:…
+1 MT : Great piece by  Li Na didn't thank Chinese state, so state decided to thank itself 
Best lede of the day so far from  on this post about a stud of a horse owned by a Hong Kong investor: 
Apparently everyone's got the order wrong.  RT : The brain on coffee v. the brain on beer. 
RT : Infiniti saw sales of its JX SUV triple during its sponsorship of surprise TV hit 'Dad, Where Are We Going?' http://t.co…
He DOES look kind of dangerous in that photo. RT : . on Now TV this morning 
RT : Bad news. RT : Times Reporter Faces Expulsion From China 
After New Citizens crackdown, some Chinese activists doubting value of non-violent approach. Is this what Beijing wants? (Honest question).
China's Jade Rabbit may have hopped its last. How it stacks up against other space rovers:  
! MT : 'Blandness girl' - just refound pic of this unbelievable mobile phone from China.  
Hu Jia's wife says he's home after being questioned by 6 Internet police. RT : 胡佳刚到家，继续软禁，原来是“北京市公安局网络安全保卫总队”的六个人在审问他。多谢大家关注和支持。
RT : RT :  's mother called Shang Baojun half an hour ago， Tongzhou guo bao  had finished questionig Hu Jia and…
Xu Zhiyong's wife writes him a letter, says 2-week-old daughter looks like him when she frowns: 
  Can't help but question the wisdom of working one's brand into a 404 error pun.
RT : The experts Global Times talked to observed that Western media have exaggerated the significance of Xu Zhiyong's case http…
"Tennis has been good to Li Na, but Li Na ... has been even better to tennis." RT : 
Java Juggs?! RT : In Northwest, a fight brews against drive-through coffee kiosks with 'bikini baristas.' 
 Requires Flash? How early 2000s.
RT : Sale of stake in outspoken Beijing News turns it into ‘propaganda mouthpiece’  
RT : A chart of the most mentioned brands in Jay-Z songs. #GRAMMYs 
Even moderate dissenters are no longer safe in China - my updated story on Xu Zhiyong and Ilham Tohti: 
RT :  And he’s still just SMILING: 
RT : RT : Xu Zhiyong's verdict on Beijing court website: 
Someone is using Ilham Tohti's Skype account. RT : 伊力哈木的SKYPE账号刚刚上线，账号在谁手里？
RT : Police preventing Xu Zhiyong's lawyer, Zhang Qingfang, from speaking to the media. 
RT : Li Na won the Australian Open—and the Internet, after she delivered the #funniestspeechever 
"You've wiped out the Chinese legal system's last shred of dignity." My story on Xu Zhiyong being sentenced to 4 yrs 
 No doubt. Part of New Citizens ability to organize stems from adoption of issues with wide appeal, like asset disclosure 
  The court didn't say anything beyond he disturbed public disorder. If I had to guess, organization is what spooked them.
Xu Zhiyong's lawyer is not in police custody. Says they put him car to get him away from reporters then let him out down the street.
RT : Grim outlook for the fate of Ilham Tohti, arguably the only public figure in China who advocates on behalf of Uighurs …
RT : Let's hope Xu's jailing leads the news, not the rough treatment of foreign reporters, which while important is not real …
Ha. RT : Standing Committee members stage surprise performance for Xi:  
Interesting argument from former ambassador : China under CCP more like pre-2000 Mexico than USSR: 
Chinese think tank's think tank report: balance being “puppet of the government and catering to public opinion.” 
RT : No prizes for guessing China's 2013 urban unemployment rate (helpful hint if guess you must -- it looks a lot like figures sinc…
RT : RT : Good overview of state of Chinese photojournalism via   [by  ]
How wearable cameras can help you actually live your life -- and find your misplaced watch, from  
RT : Is Xu Zhiyong a moderate? My take: 
RT : China stole my show, so I'm now claiming credit for papermaking, gunpowder, the Great Wall, and one of the two chopstick…
RT : #XuZhiyong lawyer: we will definitely appeal if found guilty Sunday. They expect it along w/ heavy (up to 5 yrs in prison) s…
RT : 9 Unretouched Photos Of Disney Princesses That Disney Didn’t Want You To See  
RT : Here is the very essence of the New Citizens Movement: "Our mission is not to gain power but to restrict power.” http://t.co/…
Know some new parents in the U.S. who would give this service serious consideration: China offers to 'mail' children 
RT : Amazing news report from 1981 on the Internet and delivering stories, digitally (oh my!):  (HT @naz…
RT : China economy starts year on weaker note - HSBC initial mfg PMI dips below key 50 level to six-month low
Did Wang Gongquan sell out Xu Zhiyong in New Citizens trial? Transcript doesn't give that impression: 
RT :  on a Chinese TV show ripping off Colbert's opening.   
赞 RT : Chinese artist's works look like marble statues but open like Slinkies.  
RT : "Already enough real estate in China to house everyone, and we're building 15million new apartments a year" - Gan Li at BBG c…
I knew U.S. was to partly blame for Chinese pollution blowing over to California. Didn't know it was this much: 
RT : Great  piece looks at another vestige of Chinese "anti-hooligan" laws -- bigotry against unwed moms. http://t.co…
+1 RT : Hilarious:  's try at transcending the trained monkey stereotype of foreigners on Chinese TV 
RT : Some of us will never tire of the Sichuan man who blows up truck tires through his nose:  http://t.c…
RT : Time to get equine: Share Your Year of the Horse Photos w/  using #WSJCNY 
Good post from  on lazy journalism feeding the fascination with negative China stories:  via 
RT : &gt; "劳教 Re-education through labor" reincarnated as "非正常上访训诫中心Reprimand Center for unyielding petitioners"  http://…
RT : Interesting. In a slightly nerdy way. Low-Tech Magazine: History of the Chinese Wheelbarrow 
 That would be "hot model playing Internet games."
Nice to see relaunched China . com is maintaining the grand state media tradition of edifying slideshows: 
RT : RT @oxfam: Shocking: 85 richest people in the world have same amount of wealth as half world’s population http://t.co/zr…
RT : Great Title ...... Kai-Fu Lee’s death exaggerated - CHINA - Globaltimes.cn 
Pffft. Way too much legroom in economy. RT : Now that's what we call a paper airplane  
RT : Chinese novelist Guo Xiaolu to Jonathan Franzen: "American literature is massively overrated." 
RT : Amazing that, for a team with so many good players, everything both good and bad that happened to the 49ers was caused …
RT : My latest: After a lousy holiday season, Nintendo is running out of lives. They need a 1-Up Mushroom, fast. http://t.co/GF2O…
RT : RT : Serena out, sharapova out. Chances are looking better for Li Na #AusOpen
RT : China's nominal GDP growth now less than half its pre-financial crisis level. Check out the chart: 
RT : Every single item from a 1991 RadioShack flyer can now be done with a smartphone. #edchat #fb 
RT : This is what a $400 million dollar supercomputer looks like. The Tianhe-2. 
RT : A new report analyzes real-time pollution data from Chinese industry, and the results aren't pretty. http://t.co/loRGYBJ…
RT : Top destinations for Chinese tourists: 
1. Japan 
2. U.S. 
3. Taiwan.
 
+1 RT : Very sad but beautifully told.The struggles of China's 61 million "left-behind" children.  
RT : Imagine predicting this 10 yrs ago: Utahans split 48-48% on gay marriage. And the wedding photo of Houston's mayor: 
http:/…
RT : Muhammad Ali, Hulk Hogan, Cyndi Lauper, Liberace and Wendi Richter. The Eighties. 
RT : A cool look at one of Xinjiang's fault lines, evidence of the many earthquakes in the area  http://…
RT : "The problem worrying the party’s agency for fighting corruption is not nudity (although there is that, too)"  http://t.co…
RT : China's pirates turn their backs on wearable tech  Out of 20 shops in Shenzhen not one sold fake Samsun…
