我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
楊氏夫婦，恭祝大家新年進步，身體健康，馬上乜都有！
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
Why Dios is the leader in volumizing mascara?  DIORSHOW Mascara Trifecta will tell you why!  It's our formula,... 
Amber Alert canceled: Body of 17-year-old girl found, boyfriend confesses 
 
裙褂源於清朝旗人的服飾，流行在廣東一帶作為出嫁的嫁衣。 傳統的有一般的龍鳳掛，小五福，中五福，大五福，褂后，至到褂王。 手工繡的是非常講究的金銀線繡，而且立體感非常強，不同於機繡的平板。... 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
Yay!!!  Spring colors are here!!!  Come to Dillards Post Oak to discover your spring look!!! 
好淒涼！ 兜咗一個大圈，回到原地，仲係未有野吃。 真係自己煮無甘嬲！󾌽
Looking for talented, goal-oriented, self-driven, team-player individual who has cosmetic retail experience to... 
一個屬於酒鬼的小鎮 
How did I get Baton Rouge and Fremont? 
Last minute shopping continues tomorrow!!!!  Come to the Dior counter if you ran out of gifting ideas!!!  I'll be... 
We take orders, gift wrap and I will deliver!!  Call me if you need any Dior for yourself or your loved ones. 
Come meet Dior National Skincare Expert and Oscar Award Skincare specialist, Alicha at Post Oak Dillard's... 
I liked a  video  The story of Miss Dior
I'm feeling hungry and being grumpy.  󾍀
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
今日，dum低老公，自己去街街。  Thank you, Connie Kwan-Wong, for having me to celebrate with you on your way to your next... 
Sometimes, my collegues asked me:"June, what did you do to make your day? And you always make it happened!"  I... 
I like him a lot.  That's too sudden...人生無常 
Best Thanksgiving deal, Lash maximizer, DIORSHOW Mascara and Eye Essential, all in one set for less than $50.  We... 
Gift time!!!!  Come to First Colony Dillard's today and let us help you to find your perfect Holiday look and the... 
It made us appreciate the hard work behind perfume making.  It's all about quality and "know-how". 
Time to share the moment and our happiness to all friends and family.  Petrus and I appreciate every single... 
Biggest Project Dior in Houston in 2013.  Come discover your NEW LOOK in Dior on 12/14/2013!!!   You will see the... 
I tried, it worked and it's amazing! 
我覺得我迫切地需要發展一個愛好。 我覺得我的生活太單調了。 除了工作，還是工作。 雖然我的工作也是在玩
Juliana Chan, Lorraine Fung 致命誘惑󾌩 
Wow!!!  Look at the detail of the embroidery!!  How beautiful and haute! 
戒，定，慧 
Very true 
Big thanks for Mandy Kao for her LOVE to Dior and June!!!  And thanks to everyone who came to support us today!!!... 
You still have time to come to Sugar Land Dillard's to get your touch of Dior!!!  Look at all these lucky ladies!!! 
We are so ready for Project Dior at First Colony tomorrow!!!  Come discover your NEW LOOK, holiday diva, everyday... 
Every woman should have a little black dress that she can either dress it up or down for different occasions.... 
Dior will be part of this event as well!! 
Yeung C 9 婚后第一次煎Omlette, Yeung生无得吃， 哇哈哈哈哈
Wow, is this year a good year for wedding?  Many of the people I know are getting married this year, especially... 
I liked a  video from @jkfilms  Asian Beating
June Bi Xu intructs about Dior "5 couleurs" eyeshadow palette cosmetic product 
Let's vote for Anthony Robinson for City Council 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
I'm in first colony Dillard's today!!  Come discover your holiday look!!!  It's never too early to do that!!
Tanja Vimpari, here you go, madam 
繁忙的一天從「頭」開始， 剛剛做完頭髮 
My wedding weekend officially starts now!!!!!
往生咒 

At Post Oak Dillard's today!  Come discover your signature Dior fragrance!!! 
Petrus Yeung, I think you and Raymond Yeung will do the same one day.  Hahahahaha 


Remember this magical CC Primer I posted two months ago?󾮗  It has arrived to our Dillard's Dior counter!! Make... 
999 is the emergency number for Hong Kong.  Not only it delivers the sense of urgency, also it stands for couture... 
Another successful Dior event at Elaine Turner Rice Village.  Come discover your signature fragrance from Dior... 


I'm in Post Oak Dillard's today. Come see me and discover your signature fragrance and have a movie award makeover! 󾌬
Poor thing 
Will never ever shop at Zara again.  Not again.
Get your flash manicure, mini facial and makeover at Post Oak Dillard's from our backstage pro team - Backstage... 
Reconnected with  Bunny today at Baybrook and pampered her with a nice hand massage and manicure. 󾌬
I'll be in Post Oak Dillard's tomorrow with Dior Backstage Makeup Artist Jeff Sanchez.  Come see us to receive... 
Dior又有新男神 
Makeup for MISTmag. 
BB女個表情好過癮 
Talking about legend.  Christian Dior is a fashion house full of history and heritage, which makes this line more... 
Dior is on 55.5 today!! 󾌬 
Looking for a manicurist student to work a few days next week.  Inbox me if you are interested!
Look what CEO Glam has in her makeup drawer! 
The happiest moment of my job is when your client truly appreciate your artistry.  工作的喜悦来自客人对我们化妆技术的肯定！ although... 
Must watch, new criminal called Slider who steals your purse while you pumping gas 
Just watched this video,  please share with anyone you know, ESP your girl friends, wife, anyone has kids 
Changing out makeup and fixing up hair in the middle of no where.  Lol, I also had my foot on the rock trying to... 
Woke up 5:45am to do makeup for a concept shoot, that tells you how much I love this woman, Allison Nance! 
Before makeup remover, after makeup remover.  Lol󾌩 
What a luxurious day for June, Dior, and David Peck!!  I wear Daivd Peck, J'adore Voile De Parfum, and Dior Rouge... 
Having an assembly line at home for Mandy MMandy Kaos birthday function at David Peck on 8/13.  We also donated a... 
溫馨提示 
From Aug 21 to 31, you will automatically receive One Essential &amp; fragrance samples once you sign up for Dior... 
Dior八月活動：凡預約8月21日至8月31日的workshop即送小樣。 在優惠期間購買三款產品以上，即送以下這個黑色漆皮包包加鏡子。 [玫瑰]... 
Are you ready for fall?  This Aug 21 to 31, with purchase of any three products, you will receive this beautiful... 
我真的好享受我的工作。 每次看到給自己化妝後的女士們展示出來的自信和快樂，自己的內心深處就不由自主地產生成就感。我真的體會到Christian Dior對時尚和美妝的追求以及給女人打扮的愉悅感。󾌵 J'adore Dior!!!!
Christian Dior is the makeup sponsor for Miss Chinatown Pageant 2013. 
It was nice running into old classmates at Miss Chinatown! 
Can anybody guess what this gesture means in Fan language? 
Had a great time playing makeup with our very beloved Mandy Kao.  She's beautiful, intelligent and fashionable!!!... 
Can you tell which two colors I used from the fall collection- Mystic Metallic? 
Had a AMAZING event with all these lovely ladies at Elaine Turner!!! 
You know how I realize someone is really loving their job? If you are reading your program up till midnight and... 
Oh wow!!!  I won two tickets to Fashion Houston(the mainstream one󾍇) in Nov.  Woohoo!  Ruchi, you are my lucky... 
Guess who's getting new fall color?????? 
There is an increasing number of inquiry where I will be every day.  Here you go: Tues-Willowbrook, Wed-Memorial... 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
Miss Chinatown pageant contestant and her mother Ms Li is getting pampered and makeover!!!  So excited!!!
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
Preparing for the lovely ladies' arrival 
Ok, I'll have to admit that coming back to Dior does make me wear more makeup.  Lol, anyway, we are expecting a... 
Have to give my respect to such a BEAUTIFUL girl!!!!  You are AMAZING!!!  R.I.P.  the world will remember you. 
What's fashion's final touch?  All are great answers!  However, our very talented Mr. Christian Dior... 
Good morning, y'all!!!!  Rise and shine!!!!  Can any one of you tell me what the final touch of fashion is???... 
Just like how I did with my other J'adore collection, I carefully broke the seal and open it and hold it like a... 
I want that Dior purse and I'll get it next year!!!!  Lol
Dior beauty director dinner!!!  Isn't it fun??!!!  More fun and excitement is coming 

Petrus Yeung, I think we should keep this as reference.  Just saying... 
Petrus Yeung 
Four days in the Beauty Director role, already got some high end, and classy events coming in late July and early... 
Listening "Little Wonders", 記得第一次聽的時候是我最失意的日子。係呢首歌同當時的一個好朋友陪我度過個段最難捱的時光。 再次聽呢首歌，再次好好感受歌詞裡面包含的睿智，真好。。。

Such a great feeling to be back to Dior as their Beauty Director in Dillards.  Yes, ladies and gents, you will... 
呢個𡃁仔由一見到我就開始好似其乸咁立住唔放󾌱 
尋晚發噩夢！！！好恐怖的噩夢。 而家都覺得心驚驚
Ahhhh... Still working on guest book.  Got lots of ideas, can't stoppppp!!! HELP!!!!!!
Ahhhhh!!!!  Working on the guest book
Lorraine Fung, wow 
Yes working in cosmetics could be stressful, and yes we got people rolled their eyes on us and thinking us being... 
Life is all about learning. I felt like a beginner in cosmetics after I met our brand ambassador from Clarins. I... 


Sometimes, I wonder which part of me doesn't look Chinese.  I get Korean and Vietnamese.  But not Chinese. Um...
Dinner with closed friends is always a blessing.  Thank you all for spending a wonderful night with us!!! ( You know who you are!!!)

My wedding gown has finally arrived!!!  But it is a bit too tight in some area.  Zipper won't come down.  What... 
Cixi + Matt Engagement Bridal Session, Brazoria, TX 
I liked a  video  [Propeller TV] Chinese artist Wang Yuyang first solo UK exhibition_ Objects of
It's beautiful, like in a painting! Cixi Lo 
Fruit Tart 
We are on TV today!!!! 
This is one of my favorite picture with my cousin. 
Time to have this treatment!! Judy Lam, isn't that right? 
整理facebook的一些旧相片。 发觉人真的奇怪，有些人你希望可以同佢一笔勾销，但有些却希望可以永远在一起。 总以为自己已经move on, 其实他在心里从未走远。 爷爷，我想您了。

Don't they look like Clarins products!!  Yes they are!  Alright time to slim your silhouette for summer time!!
我真係好有鏡頭感既姐！look!  I was the only one looking at the camera!! 
My friend asked me how my wedding planning is and where is the angry bride?  I said its going but I have nothing... 
We are finally done!! Go to eat!!! 
You've got to love the sun for photos 
Behind the scene stuff 
森林女王嫁到 
Having a treat from Judy Lam at Cle De Peau in Nieman Marcus.  Um... Once in a while, it's good to receive some... 
True true true!  As a licensed esthetician and makeup artist, I can't tell you how important it is to keep up with... 
Ok,  this is the final version of the wreath.  Can't wait to use it!!!   Stay tuned for the upcoming photo... 
This is one of the hair accessories that we might be used in the next concept shoot.  Hoo hoo 
Working on another project and will be hunting for a good location today.
Haha, playing an app called perfect 365.  If everybody owns an app like that, there's no need for cosmetics, lol
Are you READY???????  It's SHOWTIME!!!!!!! 
Are you ready????????  It's SHOWTIME!!!!!!!! 
Tips for finding a good photographer: 1) if he/ she can turn very ordinary people into some one glam; 2) how's... 
Ok, a sneak peak to satify yours curiosity. hehehe...more to come 
A sneak peak of Arizona Bridal Shoot - Style#2 at Monument Valley 
If you are a bride-to-be and want something different for your own engagement pictures, don't miss out on the... 
Our Arizona Bridal/Pre-Wedding shoot is about to be uploaded!!!!  I am as excited as you are!!!  Here is PART I... 
Do you guys like this? 
Braids remind me of romantic, relax, free spirit... I love using braids on brides, because it create multiple... 
I liked a  video  蓮生活佛盧勝彥 2013年01月12台灣雷藏寺 法語開示
Arizona bridal shoot style #2.  Client's face is round and the best way to make it more flattering is to create a... 
Hey peeps, please go to the fan page and click like!  More wedding makeup and hair will be coming 
More Arizona bridal shoot official pictures will be coming soon.  Like what you see so far?  Please "like" us to... 
Arizona bridal photo shoot style #1 
2 outfits, 3 hair styles, 4 locations, 5 people, we finally completed this bridal photoshoot trip! Special thanks... 
Imagine all of these following elements put together.  Only my fiancé can pull it off :D 
我貼了一張新相片到 Facebook 
Flagstaff AZ!!!  I'm here!!! 
Like having loose curls instead of a bun, try this hair updo for a more care free style.  Best with outdoor... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
好可愛 
I have received my 9 ft long veil!!!  Yay!!
阿彌陀佛。 爸爸給我發過來的。:) 
我媽睇僅印度大片！ 印度國王各惡毒奶媽嫉妒皇后搶走佢個國王，用盡一切毒招逼走個皇后。 佢重要睇到好鬼投入。 值得一贊的係D印度片的服裝真係有誠意到無朋友！ 顏色靚到咩咁！
Really like braiding for your BIG day?  This is a combination of using two different braids to create a soft,... 

我也要感謝我有一個這樣教育我的媽媽 
Juliana Chan, 你的經典halloween人物 
