9個 啱7個，咁你呢？ 
It's our official LAUNCH Tomorrow!!! Anyone still interested to have your referral for your business??? Contact... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Today's shoot... Really love the setup today. No wonder girls will like all the cutey stuffs and country style~... 
I really feel the world is so wonderful! When in the smoking roomin ButterFactory Singapore, met some JWalking... 
Wanna download some program from Torrent and looking for a K3yGeN~ 

And after i downloaded and unzipped it,... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
After work. Stay with good people, can make u a better person. — at The Butter Factory 
Enjoy the Great DJ from lA! Working along With the Chivas girls! What a great night! — at KPO Cafe Bar 
Finally have my meal and the "bonus" for the set meal... DINNER + WORK!!! My oh my... 
Why we have to wait and wait and 1hr passed the appointment timing and haven't called our number yet?! People... 
Time is a candle's flame and what burns are the minutes we live. — listening to hallelujah by jeff buckley
This is how the boys should be suit up on the Wednesday Night!!! See you guys for TGIW together!!! 
Received a rose from my Hon for Valentine's day. 1St girl who gave me a rose ever in my life! 
Its gonna get crazy tonight with DJ crazies in butter factory! And lots and lots of surprises coming in tonight!... 
Just completed The culture shoot for one last korean food and culture event by Herb Jang. Farewell my friend. —... 

Hey~ let's celebrate the last hour of V-day at F.Club! Ahhh~yeaahhh~ — at f.Club Singapore 
Like someone We knew!!! HAHAHHAHAHA... 

Answer: Scarlett!!!!

Stephen Mark WilliamsHeather Williams Basanti... 
There's a lot of my friends asked me to post up JWalking Studio Photography advertising on facebook like how... 
The Tribal Princess
Photographer: Herbert Julian
Model: Nansi
Makeup / wardrobe: Andrea Ang 
Sometimes i just love challenges... I can't stay in comfort zone, maybe i had never felt comfortable in this world at all!
Tonight is the night! Burn with the music, rebirth like a phenix! EDM Lovers, you won't wanna miss this! 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
A gathering steamboat dinner and my only gambling session once a year... Keep laughing non stop! 

Gosh...... 
Why just wanna book one appointment have to go thru so many departmrents? Feel like running for amazing race down... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Getting ready for fashion shoot! By HMUA Andrea Ang! — feeling excited
How you wanna spend your night? That's how  bring us to rule the night!!!

#nightlife… 
Have a great night out with the buddies! Really miss the old time, sit by the seaside, drink, chatting.... i miss... 
This is gonna be amazing!!!! Dholman Stanley Barry Jonathan Basanti Gariba Louisiana Thomas Ella Ross 
This is freaking hot party!!! 
Basanti Gariba... please fill up your wallet for your next flight~ wahhhaha Barry Jonathan Louisiana Thomas 
哇~ 勁懷念呢首歌! 

恭祝大家恭喜發財! 財源廣進! 步步高升! 
After a long day, now is a great break! Chillax awhile before need some sleeps! 
I will see you guys tomorrow at... 
馬年祝词：

一 馬 当先
 馬 到成功
󾇞 馬 精神
万 馬 奔腾
 馬 年奔腾
 馬 年财顺
 馬 力十足
 馬 年行大运
 馬 年发大财
 馬 到功成万事顺
󾇞 馬 精神展宏图
 馬 年吉祥阖家欢

㊗️新年快乐!

I... 
You guys are so much fun!!! AWESOME PEOPLE!!!! LEGGO~!~!~! — at ART BAR 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Last night was a bomb!!! With all the SUPER DUPER AWESOME people together!!!! AND Thank you so much guys who came... 
Exactly same like my two irritating little sisters Janice Kwok Stephanie Kwok 
發音吾準仲要rap? 
After whole day non stop working, didn't sleep for 30 hours. It's always great to have a fantastic breakfast by... 
Why the music super awesome tonight?! Everybody put your hand in the air!!! And scream~!~!~! 
No one will let the... 
Had a great fun shoot and meeting all old friends in zouk! Now gotta rush back to ButterFactory Singapore. I will... 
This is awesome!!! Woohoo~ nice song to motivate me for work. 
Everytime when i light up a cigarette and a cab come. Works like a charm. Why should i pay $2.30 to book a cab if I can just light it up?
HELLO~ 我連底褲都買不起，沒有紅包也就不要介意~ right Basanti Gariba 
Exactly like wat i think! That's wat i have been telling my friends! "If last time ppl can do an advertising... 
This is seriously hilarious! 
要放低一个人　浪漫过拥抱这个人
永远爱一个人　亦易过不爱这个人
我爱上一个人　为什么只爱这个人
我爱上一片云　但未必拥有这片云
我爱上一个人　为什么只爱这个人

曾經愛過，以是美好回憶。
還能在愛，就應好好珍惜。... 
If some people stop abuse and abandon animals like this, i bet everything in this world will be better! Let's... 
有時呢~ 做人真係要靠個"忍"字。所謂"忍一時風平浪靜，退一步海闊天空"。 但係我驚就係忍下忍下就變成 " 忍一時雞犬不寧， 退一步人去樓空! "。 唉~ 人生就係咁样嫁啦! — feeling 人生好悲哀
This is seriously awesome! Gosh... Sharon Ten, have you try this plane already?! 
Birthday shopping with my Hon for her birthday~ — at Far East Plaza 
On my way to #butterfactory! Tonight B*TRAITS will be driving us insane!!! Can't wait for that! I'll see you guys... 
Have a meeting with a glass of wine in this weather. Totally relaxing. So long didn't have such opportunities to... 
Is this more like Assassin's Creed or Prince of Persia? hhahahaha. I love how she flip to climb it up again.... 
After long fine day of racing with time, meeting clients and have a nice macdonald (which i never thought is this... 
YOLO EVERYBODY~ It's TGIW!!! Let's get to the top! See you in #butterfactory #buttercookies… 
This is the vision when i got drunk... why are we all love to get drunk then? LOL~ 
In the darkest day, at the brightest night. All parties will be by my side!
#nightlife #club #fashion… 
Are you ready for the big games guys?! 
Sometimes when i feel stuck in my plans in work. GOD really helps me and solve my doubt. Send me angels and bring... 
The two strongest superhero of the universe meet... the way they fight, isn't gonna destroy the earth? It is so... 
I didn't know robot cop chinese translation is "小籠包傳奇"?! Saw it when i going to take mrt after sentosa... hahahahah. 
This new year I have so many things I wanna do, so many places I wanna visit. Schedule has start planning, a few... 
Remind me of someone after drink vodka. Lol... Eric' Says Kimmy Zhang Ella Ross Dholman Stanley 
This is really dying laughing! Next christmas present! But for who? 
The first dinner with best friends in 2014. Wish everyone a fabulous year! With great 80s music~ 
Good morning everyone! 1st breakfast of the new year, macdonald!
Happy New year everyone! JWalking Studio Photography Wish everyone a great New year coming! Let us Embrace it and... 
That's the party tonight! Let's start from the party stretch limo! Next stop, Butter Factory!
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
When we were young, we wish to grow up faster.
But when we grown up finally, we just wish back to young again.
Really hate people give bad surprises. It only trigger my heart attack! Wat a day giving me all those shits!
生命就是有那麽多不能預知的事，請珍惜眼前人。聖誕節快樂! 
Merry Christmas to everyone! Hope for best wishes to y'all!!! Hope everyone had a great night, great food and... 
Didn't sleep whole night, stayed up doing editing work and do abit clean up and set up the X'mas tree before Hon... 
寒冬將至，相聚一刻。面望四墻，團願難圓。󾍀
I'm practically listening music and dancing in front of curtain session. I'm losing idea which colour is nice!
True Story~ 
Supper after work
I'm gonna shopping for X'mas present for everyone like can ya? Hahahaha 
Good bye Batam Nongsa point marina. Hello Singapore! I'm~ back~!!!! Get ready to work 3 shoots back 2 back... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Finally got the our room!!! Time to sleep... zzz
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Leggo!!! Nongsa point here we come!!! 
I will see you guys at Butter Factory on Wednesday! WooHoo!!!!

PS: will... 
What a great party in 2013!!!! Thank you so much for so many of you spot me out at Siloso beach #zoukout !!! It... 
Friday the 13th. The day all evil going back to hell before Christmas come!!! 
Looking at everyone going for zoukout today. But the sky seems going to rain... hopefully tomorrow will not... 
Kinda feel proud of myself! 2 hours run 3 different places to meet 3 different clients and settle my work! With... 
A Sneak Preview of DJ Chuckie That night!!! Which night? exactly, That's the night! 
Walking in the midnight street at my house area after meeting. It reminds me of when I was walking at my dad's... 
Get ready get "mansion-ed" with DJ Chuckie tonight!!! Catch you guys there!!!
What the hell is the trooper doing?!?!? Come butter factory and find out more!!! 
After early morning wake up. Shooting at golf course... I thought I should be still sleepy. But yet I'm getting... 
Let's do it everyone! A chance to Win 4 x tickets for DJ Chuckie in town! Yes, You're right, only 1… 
Let's do it everyone! A chance to Win 4 x tickets for DJ Chuckie in town! Yes, You're right, only 1… 
Let's do it everyone! A chance to Win 4 x tickets for DJ Chuckie in town! Yes, You're right, only 1… 
Let's do it everyone! A chance to Win 4 x tickets for DJ Chuckie in town! Yes, You're right, only 1 person will... 
Wet my pants, stay sober. Keep my spirit high. Becuz I am the best man of my BFF!!! My 1st best man experience in... 
Everybody let's get your pants wet tonight!!!! Fooaammmm party!!!!!!
Everybody let's get your pants wet tonight!!!!
Seriously... why some people just wanna play dirty in this industry? And don't try that on me, because I will... 
After an interesting business meeting. Now getting ready for fashion show. Today gonna be a long night! But, my... 
Congrats to Coconuts Media Singapore! JWalking Studio Photography is honored to work with you in this launch... 
Congrats to Coconuts Singapore! JWalking Studio Photography is honored to work with you together! We'll meet again! 
This is gonna be the motto of my life. 
Poor Hon doing her Nebulization procedure as her sickness causing her breathless and asthma attacked. She was  so... 
Some preview of Friday night at Mansion. Touch Singapore! Thank you everyone for the awesome night!!!… 
Have a puff, get ready to #TOUCH Singapore!!! Starting to imagine what is gonna happen in at #mansion tonight?... 
Let's light up the night tonight!!! JWalking Studio Photography will be at ★ TOUCH - Singapore ★ VOLUME 3 ★... 
I'm Sorry everyone that i cou;d make it for tonight. I have badly injured my back (yes, again...). Hope you guys... 
I have no choice by admit that my age is catching up. Fever down, cough non stop. Cough till like throwing up, I... 
After yesterday my voiceless hype and fever. I'm officially announce that I've lost my voice 80%! Sounds like... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Let's bump your night to the highest of your night!!!
Dear Lord,

Give me a reason why I should continue what I'm doing now. Give me a reason to strengthen my faith to my path I choose.
Seriously, totally can feel raining season is coming near. 30mins before I leave my place, was super sunny. Heavy... 
This is freaking awesome!!! I wanna get a GoPro and play too!!! Great music and great video~ gosh... where can I... 
Look at how Effen do his magic!!!! This is how the music should go!!! 
What's wrong with the town tonight?! Everywhere is getting crazy with music!!! The heat of music flow to the town like tsunami!!! Woohoo!!!!
"Really?!?!" Yeah... really... I'm one of them too.... sigh... 
Tonight, it will gonna be legend-ARY! shooting the legend DJs!
Tonight is gonna be one hell of the night! Omg~ exciting what's gonna happen tonight!!!
For professional talents and entertainers:

If you're professional in your field, make sure you are fit with the... 
Really the most brilliant prank ever! I should do to the telemarketers!!! Hahahahahha 
I want my ice cream!!!! Basanti Gariba Louisiana Thomas Barry Jonathan Ella Ross 
Party like animal!!! @ The Butter Factory 
getting hype up with the crowd~ everybody put your hands up~ 
The makeup artist master @romerojennings @ FIDé Fashion Week 2013 
#models #fashion #beautiful #style #love #makeup #cute #model #life #photo #eyes #swag #me #girls… 
The natural model who can do 7-8 expression in 5 seconds! Thumbs up! And she is totally natural! Have… 
Just posted a photo @ FIDé Fashion Week 2013 
#models #fashion #beautiful #style #love #makeup #cute #model #life #photo #eyes #swag #me #girls… 
funny face model! Do i have that look that models love to make funny face at my camera? @ FIDé Fashion… 
#fashion #beautiful #cute #love #igers #follow #girl  #picstitch #instamood  #instadaily #instagood… 
With Romero Jennings! Such a wonderful and humble guy! #fashion @ FIDé Fashion Week 2013 
#nightlife #club #fashion #party #vip #picoftheday # #love #fun # #all_shots #exposure #composition… 
#nightlife #club #fashion #party #vip #picoftheday # #love #fun # #all_shots #exposure #composition… 
Spend the last 3 hours assembling my film camera piece by pieces... screwed every pieces of screw by… 
Birthday not only celebrate of myself important day, it's also celebrating the important day that t
The party is on now! All DJs are gonna turn your life upside down at #butterfactory !  #nightlife… 
Human should help each other. And pass down the love and help people who needs it, and keep passing down to the... 
Miss my old days... living in the town. easy to travel everywhere. I know I'm asking too much compare to ppl who... 
I really wish i can have a few replica of me... so much things happened and my STM is getting bad to worse... i really need a getaway!!!
I will definitely do that when if Singapore got snow! 
Everybody!!!! X-rated Foam Party is back for High Demand!!!! This night, Will make your dreams come true!!!!... 
we had hit over 500 likes! Thank you so much for your support! please follow us more for our next gig locations.... 
What an unlucky but yet lucky day! got my jean torn by kneel down to take a low angle shot in the… 
Looking for Crumpler Karachi Outpost (L) old version. in some budget, anyone selling?
After such fever and sick for two days... i thought i will be better...but when i walking on the street... i... 
Really exhausted... I can feel my thighs are sore... but with the heavy beats and the dreams i wanna achieve...... 
Often in life we settle.

We settle for jobs we don’t love.

We settle for health we know we’re
not proud of.

We... 
人生也就是不公平。兒時的夢想，可以做得很美。那時候的我，容易滿足。長大之後，辛苦過也經歷過很多。才發覺夢想並不容易得到。兒時想擁有的，現在發覺並不是那麼美好。生命中究竟有甚麼是能夠留戀的呢? 
who can scratch maria Carrie's song till such great hip? it is freaking awesome!
[CALL FOR MODEL &amp; MASCOT - Male only]

MODEL:
Dates: 7, 8, 14, 15, 21, 22 December 2013
Time: 12-3pm, 4-7pm
Venue:... 
Men's Pearls of Wisdom

1. When I was born, I was given a choice - A big dick or a good memory. I don't remember,... 
This is the zumba my dear~ no need ps3, no need go for class. everyone can do it! Sue Suhailah Swarovski and... 
I'm home after the night shoot. feeling hungry... guess maybe because i only ate a sandwiches today... feel like... 
Let get ready for some COOKIES! are you ready for some? 

今日係我嘅生日~ 之不過係農曆嘅。。。唉~
The Cataracs is in the TOWN!!!! Hype up with his music!!!! 
After have this Paella with the Spanish Embassy, finally I found this again!!! oh Paella~ oh Paella~… 
Woohoo! The Cataracs, i will see you tonight @ Butter Factory tonight!!! Pose for me ya~ 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
OMG~~ I got STOMPED!!! DAMn~ Got caught "eat snake" during work~ hahhaha I look so exhausted~ and the STOMP... 
Hitting 500 likes very soon! Thank you for supporting me! Please support me more and follow me on our events and nightlifes!
get ready to get butter! JWalking studio will butter you up~
Sat by the waterside, trying to clear my mind. Think of the achievements &amp; success i have done, yet couldn't... 
"enthusiasm" is my middle name, but when my middle name went for a smoking break. I got crushed.
i realized a habit of mine. i always type "hahahahahah" or "LOL" in whatsapp, but i am not even laughing at... 
無啦啦有限分司? 咁嘅名都得? 咁佢地無啦啦做乜家科喎?! 
what a nice easy shoot i have today... 
Watching you sleep like a baby, gave you 3 kisses before I go, you smile like a child received Christmas present,... 
I really cannot believe myself! total of 48hrs at least awake and didn't sleep! from the Thurs working in day,... 
repost: urgent post: need one more "actor"

Date: Friday, 6th Sept
location: MBS
Time: 5pm - 10pm. 
pay: $50
job... 
Finally finish work... let's pack the equipments and go for coffee! — with Austin Ng.
