既來之 則安之
I think he realize who am I hahahahaa.
Meet him at mcd again omg.
Will busy for whole day.
It's tomorrow.
Coming soonnn.
周潤發好搞笑
看戲巧遇慧兒 哈哈 還看同一場戲
賭城風雲 with family. (@ Golden Screen Cinemas (GSC) - @gscinemas w/ 7 others) 
I'm at Cheras Leisure Mall - @mall_cheras (Cheras, WP Kuala Lumpur) 
賭城風雲 laterrr.
Please don't let me sick on cny.
女人啊女人
I think I'm gonna sick.
我管你他媽的三七二十一 你嘔也要嘔到出來還給我 我不會再聽認識藉口任何解釋了
你不還我我會發狂我會殺人 oh 所以好自為之 oh
God bless her. Please get well soon. Don't leave us....
 Nice not nice not?
Hot the hell.
Next week please, praying.
When's my turn? Sigh.
3 peoples became 5 peoples heheheh.
I'm at @StarbucksMy (Kajang, Selangor) 
Green tea lattee.
Envy.
Last day.
Stay strong please my friend. Everything gonna be alright.
愛上微電影
Spaghetti everyday.
Lana Del ♥ Addicted.
聰明的話 別相信愛情
別說愛我好嗎
真的沒有辦法
He buy lc for me, I'm thinking what to buy for him.
Suddenly feel like wanna eat mcd.
I want drink cold drinks actually, but really too cold.
I'm at @StarbucksMy (Genting Highlands, Pahang) w/ 3 others 
I'm at Genting Highlands (Genting Highlands, Pahang) w/ 12 others 
Chanel scarf.
Genting laterr.
 Hahahahaa up to you then :p
 Walauu 177 enough laa ._. Later hard to find girlfriend wahahaa :b
16/32? :(
Self cooked carbonara spaghetti, satisfied.
 I guess one hahaa. Still want get taller, you already enough tall omg. How tall are you now?
I think you're the right one :)
Black white blue.
 還要再高多 6cm？o.o
He'll be my partner and I'll be his partner.
Going a music concert with him soon.
Your new girlfriend let us know you're how much un-mature. Sigh.
Lana Del accompany me every night.
Goodnight.
I know how to choose now. Really know truly know.
You're damn un-mature.
Facials day. (@ HerbaLine Leisure Mall) 
Our important memories. Hell.
The god asking me to go ahead too? ......
My whatsapp chat all gone, really sucks. 1 year something chat history all gone, our memories all gone.
Facials tomorrow yeay.
Waaa I'm early to make appointment. Why full oneee.
 我啊 哈哈哈哈
 你妹妹有交東西給你要你明天帶給我嗎？
我會選疼我的那個 其他的我放棄了 受夠了
劉俊鋒 謝謝你 慶倖有你 那句話我記在心了 好溫心
A very satisfied day makes me become a very tiring people now lols.
Finally home.
他媽咪肯定發覺我來過了 慘
穿晒幫 我哋認命
I'm at Taman Muhibah (Seri Kembangan, Selangor) 
150 坐後面真是剛剛好 高點就辛苦了 哇哈哈
四個人坐一輛 TT 笑死我們了 我坐後面一點都不辛苦 矮的好處 XD
In his home now.
 還好啦 老樣子一個 :P 你也是啊 很幸福了兒
Happy day with JianLin and Raymond heheh.
 舊歡啦 哈哈哈 我 ex 啊啊啊 ._. 跟他和一個沒跟你提起過的男生出街 現在我跟我 ex 媽媽吃著東西 等下回他家兒
I think she really dislike me...
 普通朋友啦 他媽媽載我們回他家 他家人也在家啊 嘿嘿 :b
Back his home later.
Very first time sitting inside TT later wowh.
Paranormal activity the marked ones truly scary. I get scared many times lols.
His mummy sitting beside me, truly nervouss.
Dinner with the two guy and his mummy. (@ Sakae Sushi) 
I'm at BAR•B•Q Plaza 
I'm at The Mines (Seri Kembangan, Selangor) w/ 11 others 
10 hours more, goodnight ;)
Getting better oh yea, please don't get worst again please.
Good choice.
Tomorrow is a no 3g no data day, then I'll not keep playing to my phone.
Don't give me trouble thanks.
12 more hours, damn. How excited am I now.
How you want me to face that girl?
我不會遲到衹會早到 永遠衹是我等人沒有人等我 明天是時候讓他們等一等了 哈哈哈哈
I'm at Big Tree Lin Kee Chan Sow Lin Steam Fish Head 
New open shopping centre near my house. (@ Cheras Sentral w/ 4 others) 
Out for breakfast later.
24 hours moree.
Whatever, see two of you on Sunday. Goodnight.
Well they two playing game have no time to f me -.-
Brother spray a lot perfume in his room lol.
I really wish.
  What jek ._.
  Havent confirm what.
  What the hell..
 Lol ._.
  Come on, who dare who?
That school exterior not bad, interestingg. Attract me.
 What ._. That school exterior not bad ehh interesting, attracted me heheh.
Feel still the same, disappoint.
Plan spoil.
Finally home.
Went smk bukit jalil just now, really near from my house. Why can't find a transport, anyone tell me why :(
I'm at Bukit Jalil 
I'm at Vanilla Ice-cream Clothing 
I'm at 友谊肉骨茶 Yu Yi Bak Kut Teh (Kuala Lumpur, Federal Territory of Kuala Lum) 
I'm at The Gardens Mall - @midvalleycity (Kuala Lumpur, WP Kuala Lumpur) w/ 48 others 
I'm at Mid Valley Megamall - @midvalleycity (Kuala Lumpur, WP Kuala Lumpur) w/ 115 others 
What to wear what to wear.
I have two free drinks heheh.
Wish Sunday mines starbucks done repair start opening. *pray*
Just buy. Go ahead.
Hell play my lip balm again, third or fourth time ady f.
不想不聽不講不問不答逃避不面對
 You sure know what happened right. I don't know what to do now.
 No no, hmm hard to explain. Something like friends problem......
Tired to explain, stress.
If everyone of us don't understand, never mind it's okay. I can change school, I try my best to find transport. Found then change.
Luckily my dear still by my side, feeling love :* Thanks sooo much.
我拼命按 volume up button, maximum 了怎麼按也大聲不到 按得眼淚都打轉了 還是大聲不到 我不想聽任何解釋 走開 你們全部走
 You see your wechat later then you'll know. Sigh sigh sigh.
Put on headphone, volume turn to maximum. When I'm unhappy sad or angry.
 See your wechat.
Chance flies.
Arghhhhh shit. Over, you guys over!
Sorry for being so rude. Really angryy.
We're more impossible from now.
I'm fucking freaking speechless.
It's fucking impossible to be not angry!
It's not funny at all! Hell!
新一章怎可是你我分開 可否改寫得像你我當初
You don't know how was the feels like. It makes people scare.
We can light it up up up, so they can put it out out out. #burn
Sweet nothinggggg.
Sigh, so horror.
Many many reason.
I'll escape.
你這樣我倒覺得很辛苦
不可能就是不可能 不會變的
Old that one bought at S&amp;J 800ml. Big difference.
My new tumbler only 581ml.
Are you ready for ready for, a perfect storm perfect storm. #darkhorse
Bought a Starbucks tumbler.
He going to school although he get sick. I don't know why you still don't know how to cherish your boyfriend. Sigh.
Worry you.
Hope he won't get sick, take care.
Can you be gentleman abit?
I need sleep. Last night only slept for 3 hours.
Finally mine Jack Daniels chocolate can pass it to him very soon,hope you like it heheh.
Finally the two guy confirmed Sunday hang out hooray. I've been waiting this day for 2 weeks.
Very good morning.
Luckily I can wake.
Overthinking makes me insomnia.
Let me fall asleep please, I just left 4 hours more! Omg.
Insomnia. *cry*
5 more hours to sleep, good night.
 :)
RT :   你还有我们 :D
RT :  做好自己 爸媽看到都安慰 :)
 :)
爸爸媽媽越買越多名牌給他 我可以叫你敗家子嗎？
這是命 註定的 不到你不認
有時真的很羡慕你們有個疼你們的爸爸媽媽 多麼簡單的事 我卻都沒有
Hell steamboat again?
Out for dinner.
Yer 全部壞人 靠自己 我自己買
一首讓人極其崩潰的歌 ...
Especially the musicc.
Katy Perry's dark horse very niceeeee.
I can only say these words to advise you.
Escape will only make you more pain.
Head up, it has become a fact.
People that determined to left you, you have no way to stay them.
Love comes slow and it goes so fast.
Only know you love her when you let her go.
No worries dear, no matter what happen I'll always be at your side.
These are the things the things we lost the things we lost in the fire fire fire.
Recently I always dream and wake up with tears...
Hell now only I wake up.
Skip school heheh. Feeling tired now eyes almost can't even open, goodnight.
Katy Perry Prism album very niceee love love.
游車行
Brother fetch us out to dinner.
Drive safe eh, I'm scare so scary.
Why drive so fast ehh.
I'm at OUG™ 
Forgot to put lip balm on my lips before leave home.
Why not smooth one grrr.
Al Barkath's shisha I miss you.
Finally can shisha.
Gorgor so bad, 1am still fetch me out supper.
