我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
Beatitude photos taken by our customer Judy! Thanks for sharing!!! — at Karma Design Hotel 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
HAPPY NEW HORSE YEAR TO ALL
Last night, the beautiful city Shangri-la caught a big fire, and many houses of the old town got ruined. God... 
welcome our guests from different places do all favorite dishes in our hotel's kitchen, and spread delicious food from the world
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
A great local school to learn Chinese!!! 
winter is here and winter-swimmers can enjoy totally in Lijiang Qingxi reservoir， or just go there to feel the beautiful view
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
Dali Eryuan is famous for its springs. It's a good choice to go there in the cold winter and relax your total self .
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
The first real  snow in Lijiang, cold and beautiful 
The  wild edible mushrooms in Lijiang 
Camera is so essential to travelling, so many beautiful views on the road 
When I was just a little girl,
I asked my mother,
What will I be?
Will I be pretty?
Will I be rich?
Here's... 
The beauty in the Tiger-leaping Gorge, enjoy the sound of the water when walking in it 
Willing to find the beauty in our neighborhood 
A Music Festival in Lijiang, Yunnan
what are you doing baby?swimming,practice or catching fish. how creative you are 
small stream is wondering under the quiet atmosphere, close to the old town building .. 
If I could save time in a bottle 

the first thing that I\'d like to do 

is to save every day until eternity... 
strangers from different cities, having different backgrounds,they are drinking PUer tea ,sharing life experience... 
happy Iron Wedding anniversary ，dearest sister and brother. we, karma design hotel,present our sincere wishes for... 
CCTV discovery channel is coming ,what are you waiting for?but ,we'll still be waiting for you! 
black dragon lake and  hills.check it out 
check out the cooking auntie, she sacrifices her whole life to the poor students,she said that she was honored... 
It is a little school that only has 39 students.they only eat potatoes, cucumbers and cabbages. even though the... 
people which you met on the road is the most beautiful view! 
Baoguo Temple is at the half way up the mountain. so Tibetan.sacred！！！ 
a Lounge chair，A cup of tea, just sitting and enjoying beautiful scene  without any words, 
Is it Noah's Ark ,or the boat on the movie Life of Pie? No, neither of them,, it is a never-stop-marching dream... 
specialized tatoo from Naxi minority nationality in Yunnan province. Tatoo means nothing,only descended from... 
how tender rainy day it is !!!! 
i'd love to describe my feelings in this way, you are obsessed into the whole views and certain cultures... 
what a beautiful morning in beam ancient town, like a shy slim girl standing in the  breeze. 
what a nice day! 
Life is an unexpected journey,what's  funny is that you can never forecast what'll happen next.that is making life... 
Such a sexy horse, look at its feet! 
Kitchen is somewhere you can feel love, taste yummy ,share happiness,enjoy family moment.you gonna love it with... 
peacocks of feather flock together! 
attracting view,totally fabulous! 
ART festival in ShuHe . coryphaeus is from Malaysia ,she has fabulous voice . 
This is the cloud shape at dawn in lijiang. what does it look like? shark?airplane ,or the beauty of silence. 
do not think you can only have a good taste of  tequila ,mojito and long island iced tea  in the bar or luxury... 
,i climbed up the tree in our yard,picking the cherries. 
blossom flower ,angling view , warm sunshine, blowing wind, what a nice day！ 
cutest couple from Beijing. i always play trick on uncle Zhang. "u r a gossip uncle.so did the auntie。 one... 
I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "" 
key point to painting; how to use the writing brush; how to control the power properly; taught by teacher ;three... 
Live on learning traditional Chinese painting by Ann-Sofie, Melissa, Gudrun . picture 1; class begins 
We got a new reivew on tripadvisor, have a look friends! Thank you Terry! Have a good journey!
hey ,guys,  cherry is coming out ,u can never imagine how yummy it is.. 
Look, how beatiful the wisteria is! 
Look, how beatiful the wisteria is! 
Our new apple tree is flowering, welcome to try our apples this fall! 
New plants arrived 02. 
Our new plants arrived!!! 
Happy Women's Day!!!
Spring is here 3. 
Spring is here 2. 
Happy Women's Day! Thank You, Ladies! 
Spring is here! 
Peach blossom. 
Our peach blossom is flowering! 
The most snow on the mountain during the whole year! 
See where our kungfu dog is! 
The Valentine's Day and the 4th Anniversary free set, enjoy! 
All customers who will be staying at our hotel will get a piece of chocolate, a piece of cake, a glass of wine,... 
Happy Chinese New Year! The Year of Snake!
Received a Chinese New Year card from a foreign friend, what a surprise! 
Beautiful winter sunshine, enjoy! 
Out new fragrance arrived. 
New sign of room emerald. 
New sign of room ocean. 
New sign of room heartstrings 
New sign of room fairytale. 
New sign 
Our iPhone docks arrived!!! 
It's snowing!
Our new kettles arrived, this is the 1st type. 
It's cold these days, travelers who will be here need to have warm cloths.
I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Our Cute Customers" 
Happy New Year, my friends! New Year, New You!
Now we retreated to the fireplace. 
Dinner is ready. 
We are preparing everything. 
Here comes our new staff, Charlie! 
“: 丽江还有有twitter的hotel哦233   cc ”独此一家2333，我们还有Facebook Page，记得like我们！欢迎来丽江玩！
Hello everyone, How is your holiday? Wish you all enjoy it!
The old man is writing Christmas wishes in old Dongba words to our customers. 
Merry Christmas my friends! 
祝朋友们圣诞快乐！
有没有人想到丽江工作啊？我们招前台。
OK, we finished our link to facebook page!
We rearranged our bar! 
