 為何
  Okay! I accept it ✌️
 再見
 不是 要和你討 辟邪
 Hhmmm still got 童子尿?
   Yoyoyo!!! Don't gelly 😂
 Are you still a virgin?
Tell me the truth. 
RT : love this so much 
我要的是再也坦誠 真實 無隱藏 放下面子 的一個11號 😊
我想離開了 能不能有個人救我。 
I did it. Not perfect but it's sweet. #ForKYSZ 
 為了我是嗎？
九天後 記得平安的回來馬六甲 別被殺死了😂 
Sad Case 
RT : there are two types of men 
RT : When your favorite teacher yells at you 
Keyizheyangxingfuxiaquma 
能不能就這樣停止 再來過 他媽的 我快死了 快上大學吧我 找點自由
“: Mom says, "Alcohol is your enemy." Jesus says, "Love your enemy."Case closed.”
 死HIAO人
  不懂在暗示甚麼 你可以的！
RT : You sir, made a really good point  
女人總愛裝不睡 可以的 
RT : May..... 
男女必須注意的小細節（在於臉部到頸部）
頭髮：
頭髮的髮色 使用頭髮wax的程度（不易太厚）髮型及造型
臉部：
眼屎 鼻毛的長度  黑頭的程度（建議買寫護膚品）鬍子的長度 牙齒的潔淨 耳屎
頸項：
污垢（建議用肥皂前 刷刷頸邊 把黑污垢洗出 太嚴重能去美容院詢問詳情）青春痘
 很簡單的 只要快樂就好啦 加油⛽️
  你的選擇權 我尊重你
 
沒嘗試 就放棄
 你就他媽的每次怪我
  是你從來都不表現
 有嗎 何時？
RT : love this 👌 
  確定要那麼愛我嗎！
有時候我多希望我的苦口良心你會明白 說真的 改變對於自己就是成功的一大步 我不是幫你改變的那個人 而你得願意為自己改變和負責 唯一能幫你的就是陪著你這一路走下去 能多久都不重要 最重要的是你願意 爲自己創下新目標 新原則 新個性 新生活 爲自己驕傲吧 好嗎。
RT : true story 
有時候我不知道我要的是甚麼 在夜裡可以甚麼都不想的待著 心是空的 人是活的 思想是空的 我習慣的是自己 我要的也是自己 是自私還是個性還是想通了 或許寧靜和自由就是真實的我吧 整個月裡我還是愛了自己。 
我行的。 
You're my man 😘💏 
初二第一餐✌️ 
RT : A girls "whatever" means "fuck you"
 since when??? 😅😱
 finally you know! 3 of you guys sibeh Hiao
 you sendiri cakap!!!!
 Hiao Hiao Lao
  Wait me!!!😨
 sibeh pattern!!
我爸爸總是把整個家弄得很不和諧 一餐團圓飯都不能快樂 整個就很屌 很失望
我愛你  #洪尧 
I do miss. 
RT : Dear girls, a guy truly loves you if he does this 
客家食材 算盤子 全自煮 太好吃 😍👍 
100% natural kiwi jam 😋 
如果可以 我這一輩子別失眠好嗎 太痛苦了 真的 在夜裡我是想多了嗎 不是 而是無時無刻都在強逼自己睡覺那種感覺 很難熬。
只要是對的 我都願意等。 

RT : [Ji Hyo's Line] 01 

RT : Brad Pitt about his wife 😨💓 
簡單的來說 6點睡 7點起 忙到現在 是該睡還是就算了 😪
Why I still awake in this early 5am........ 😥
不知不覺中 想找個人聊 才發現已經半夜了 那就好好K戲吧🙍📺📡🙎🎆🎉💁👌
Let it be. #KYSZ
 Don't know. Mind F*** too
 same same
 Why you don't want to sleep?
 F**k man!
RT : i want a hot body but i also want to eat junk food why is life so difficult
RT : i honestly could not date someone who wasn’t funny
 I hate you so much, do you know that?😂😧😥🙊💥👏
RT : I'm not okay but I smile.
Damn. I'm so freaking stupid.
 I'm not working now😂😁 Still enjoy my holiday!! Two only lalalalala
 Ohhhh ya hor!! 😫 long time ago..........
  Ada mie!!?
 annyeong!!! Long time no see
RT : He's white, He's black, He's asian.  
  Yeaaaaaa I think that too😳
 Wahhhg you don't want teach me mie😒😓😩
 thank you🐽😁
 how to use twitter.......
 hello TaeYeon😬
 macam yes tapi bukan worrrrr
 oh i seeeee
  I don't know how to play😑
  no larrrrrr
