是自己太挑了?
走fashion show走一个小时吧了 哈哈哈傻老
全部照片没了zZ
一边吃饭一边手震
发抖 手震
RT : exercise
exercis
exerci
exerc
exer
exe
ex
ext
extr
extra l
extra la
extra lar
extra larg
extra large 
extra large fri
e…
Wow这里的冷气很冷下的
RT : "money cant buy happiness" 

i think you’re using money wrong
RT : I ALWAYS GET SO NERVOUS WHEN PEOPLE STOP REPLYING TO ME
ITS LIKE DID I SAY SOMETHING WRONG
DID I SCARE THEM AWAY
DID I OFF…
RT : i only accept apologies in cash.
我有轻微的洁癖症lol
饿饿
又看医生 又吃一大堆的药zZ
Ioi ing
#POTD
躺下去就睡了
昨天好早睡
RT : *Phone on silent*. 10 missed calls. 

*Turns volume to loudest*. Nobody calls all day.
": If you try to wake me up by pulling my blankets off...

I'll probably kill you."
弄到我睡不着zZ
很讨厌老爸睡觉时那个鼻鼾声
玩flappy bird 玩到我想打人lol
RT : My bed is my closest friend. He never leaves, he's always there for support, and he even comforts me when I'm down.
RT : I remember my first day on twitter..I was like, "What the fuck is this shit?"
又做什么SD Card detected 不到哦
": Teachers who assign homework over the weekend "
刘海长了一直顶着眼睛
一直出现那首歌
哎呀管它啦
有这件事咩lol
头很痛 想睡觉
RT : "Are you single?"
"No, I'm plural."
"No, I meant are you free this Friday?"
"No, I'm expensive."
差点忘了今天有补习lol
真系噶?
RT : Earphones in. 

Volume up.

Ignore the damn world.
Today stats: One follower, One unfollower via 
你们可以不要每天将嘛 让我对你们很反感叻
终于赶完了project
今天将迟睡明天都不知道醒到没有
累
抄到手痛肿了zzz
#ImYours
好喊不喊喊我的名&gt;&lt;
#期待爱
全部人看着..TT
鱼爆了&gt;&lt;
LOL 进错班好鱼&gt;&lt;OMG
Tuition lurhhh
拿自己的钱交补习费 心痛:(
Damn you Bitch
叫你重复多一次很辛苦很为难咩 ?
RT : When I joke they take it seriously.

When I am serious they take it as a joke.
这个拜六好像很忙将
这一局爆得多么漂亮
进房间做功课有错? 哈哈哈哈哈很好
KH很像完全不用做将哈哈
指甲全部斜一边去了lol
面壁面壁&lt;&lt;
一看到那个字就想起前天遇到那个人。
我按电话不太表我没读书 没做功课 什么都不知道!
不要讲到我什么都不知道将啦
N.Y.C 20♥ 
#领悟
The ship
眼睛有点累
等下去吃西餐:b
画到有够丑zZ
我画画failed 的-.-
终于做完了
原来那个jack是妈咪朋友的儿子LOL
原来明天上学了啊LOL
人生中最讨厌就是喝药水!zZ
严重下的 哈哈
RT : When I was younger I used to draw the sun in the corner of the paper. 

ALWAYS.
那个医生在考我的科学和英文 哈哈哈
RT : Me after every conversation: why the fuck did I say that
RT : i love school books 
太久没看医生都不知道去哪里看
Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via 
呼吸困难..
鞋子 裤子 链 手链 电话 什么都烂!
这一个星期是怎样哦 什么都烂!
我咳到已经很辛苦了你还要讲!
哥哥那个朋友很好笑哈哈哈xD
他的东西就是看不到的窝!(Y)
没有风度的男生-.-
RT : Me: I'm gonna lose weight.

Me: I'm gonna exercise every day.

Me: I'm gonna go on a diet and stick to it.

Me: Is that…
刚刚那个男生吓死我呃&gt;&lt;
Chor4 night ! # having#dinner#with#family#Serdang 
这次真的呕到我七彩-.-
差点中暑..LOL
累死人了
终于到家了 呼
": That awkward moment when you want to laugh in a serious situation."
姑姑很可爱 哈哈
没礼貌的小孩~.~
害羞XD
Going cousin house
The line is sucks zZ
热到死 又不能喝冷水
将都看到他 有缘
睡到腰痛...
回KL咯
哈哈哈头发乱乱的xD
哇好刺激哦
耶 等下有的玩Fun fair yeahhhhhh
靓仔哈哈哈哈XD
可惜他有吸烟
哈哈哈
真的闷死咯zZ
我要去玩Fun fair阿
过年帮人开年LOL
不想看的画面又出现了...
Shit... fighting ..
咳死我啊!!
最好今天回家!
今年是最闷一年的新年!
很累好想睡
这些人好狗-.-做了亏心事所以delete friend?
现在是女生靠男生 哈哈哈
张恒远蛮帅的 哈哈
笑死我XD
他们傻了啊 喝酒喝傻了 语无伦次XD
又喝酒要回家睡觉都不能累死人!
将夜了还有东西吃
真的好想呕..
一站起来就晕 好想呕..
跟姑姑走了整个街 哈哈她还牵我手害羞
说不跳就不跳 哈哈
以前还蛮有性格的xD
可爱的小孩 哈哈哈XD
真的是有够热
啊多么痛得领悟 你曾是我的全部
RT : Mom: *Leaves room* 

Me: "MOM. MOM. MOM. MOM. MOM. COME BACK IT'S URGENT! .. OMFG!" 

Mom: "What?!" 

Me: "Shut the door…
在家无所事事zZ
RT : do u ever just listen to someone telling a story and in your head youre like 'lol lie lie lie lie' but go along with it a…
很像很多人在怡保将
Lol 时常这样对他好像不好&gt;&lt;
咳到没有声音了..
None of your business k
Shut up la BITCH
Bek cek -.-
Keep contribute
Really unlucky !zZ
WTF LOSE 99 LOL
Lose99 Zzzz
叫我们停车载他去看医生LOL&gt;&lt;恐怖到死
Yo 那个uncle很恐怖哦&gt;&lt;
 How i know
初一在家打飞机 初二在家做爱 哈哈哈哈 傻佬xD
初一♥ #全家福#31/1/2014 
 she said us not dare to pay more money tiu
Tiu -.- 死要面子。
不要讲到自己很威水将啦
闷透了
一点新年感觉也没有。
恭喜發財 紅包拿來～
電話一直用不到啊啊啊啊 zzzzz
我笑的很僵硬下的lol
Lap sap phone zz
全家福♡
昨天输到几惨下得
昨天爸爸帮我一盘就赢回来了 哈哈哈
在这里浪费时间倒不如回家做我的project -.-
将都可以 degil sangat Zzzz
Sien dao si
用不到wifi只好用data zZ
Sitting at here and doing nothing
睡到好熟哦 一趟下去就睡了 哈哈
晕..
很呛下的
有点想呕LOL
大口大口喝...
酒苦苦的。
喝酒yeahhh
将子开发 怕data用完zZ
没有手链带了-.-
我的星星手链没了..干...
": Cancel! ... Cancel! ... CANCEL!!! ...*Message sent*... KILL ME NOW."
Finally arrived yeshh
I'm at Menglembu (Ipoh, Perak) 
Bee bo bee bo bee bo
RT : I wish my brain had a 'forget it' button.
RT : skinny jeans and converse &gt;&gt;&gt; 
哇 真的上新闻了啊!
Now only reached sungai sungkai
No line here LOL
Traffic jam 99
刚刚真的是赶死人哦
Oh No 喉咙有点痒
Back hometown lurhh
Data好慢
电话卡机-.-
 其实我有偷偷的想你的:b
 我知道你在想我啦 害羞:b
I'm at PJ Petaling (Selangor) 
做么一直打哈欠的LOL
Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via 
可爱的狗狗♥
原来她的补习中心是我以前小学补的那个..想念那里的老师
