不需要说对不起 , 不是你的错 。
不是说好不信息我的么 ? 怎么今早还是回了我
你还是选择丢下我 。
很努力的忍住眼泪 , 可是到头来 , 还是 :'(
我很失败 , 对吧 ?
不是预了么 ? 怎么现在 ...
恩 , 你很忙 , 没关系 , 笑一笑就好 :)
Nvm , it ok , 习惯了 , 哈哈哈 :)
不是说好了么 ? 怎么现在却 .....
My mood in Chinese New year jor :)
风吹来 , 冷冷的 , 要生病了么 ?
闻到眼泪沸腾的味道 。
我可以很好的 , 就只不过是一个过客
不都已经习惯了么 ?
 ermm , I noe you ?
 hmm , who are you arh ?
Yeah ! Tomorrow holiday :)
现实告诉我 , 不要对任何人有期望 , 不然 , 失望的会是你自己 。
幸福永远不属于我 ! 或许我不配拥有所谓的幸福 !
Stop my tears please !
 you sure ?
So sleepy leh , how arh ? Hmmmm
Hmmmm , I need to countdown leh , 2 year not going countdown jor :)
Morning , last day of this year , but alone to countdown :(
圣诞节 , 平凡的过去 。只可惜 , 陪我过的人不是你 , 没关系 , 我学会包容和体谅 。
Hehe , I wait my babe back home :)
Nvm , is ok , tomorrow start a new day , smile , where are you going.
Today sleep without your good night :(
My boy , I miss you jor :)
Missing someone , quickly 5:15
时间 , 过的快一点 , 好不好 ? 最好就是到 5:15
请你不要做那些有的没的 , 讲一些永远不可能的东西 , 我只会被他而打动
Yes ! You automatic come and find me :D
Yeah ! Christmas celebrate with someone ! :)
你说你会永远在我身边 , 我相信你 :)
他和我说早安 :)
I have another 2 month to teach someone
Raining now , worry someone , don't be sick .
你要的不是我 , 只是一种虚荣 。
The mood is bad
一个笑容 , 我就可以满足 :)
I noe you dunwan me
Good morning :)
为什么明明相爱 , 却不能在一起 :(
是不是只有在我不舒服的时候 , 你才会来疼我 , 哄我吃药 。
你说我生病你难过 , 为什么 ? 你的心想些什么 ?
Cold at this moment :(
你说你知道我要表达些什么 , 然后 , 这是你给我的答案 ? 恩 , 我接受 。
Good morning :)
 happy birthday ya :)
Awesome :)
哈哈哈 , 你自动来找我 :)
你发送的信息永远抵达不到我的手机里
以为的可能 , 原有的期待 , 到最后变成的绝望 , 对他极度失望 。
Why every morning cant see him , disappointed :(
Where is him ?
First day meet someone , happy :)
Hello December :)
Him him at genting today :)
Today him him at genting :)
Duno wht you think , and dunno wht you feel !
你还是一样的体贴 , 虽然只是半个小时 。
你很重要 :)
你对我笑勒 :D
喉咙痛 :(
Miss you :(
no countdown this year :(
a lot of memories in this year &lt;3
yeah ! today last day of the year :)
no need to sleep jor 。
 哈哈 ， 我有看可是不懂他在讲什么 。
 ya , saw until 1:40 right ?
 yesterday i got see :)
Sweet Memory for me today  &lt;3
今天是今年最开心的一年 :D
Happy day :D
我不是三岁小孩子 !! 更何况现在有人载 !!
坏人 !! 全部都是坏人 !!!
I need you :'(
The tears is come out :'(
为什么每一次都会有遗憾 !! 为什么每一次都要让他失望 !!
不要带就不要 chock 料 !! 你以为你是谁 !! 没资格管我 !!
Sad :'(
两年吖 ! 为什么每次都是他的生日 !! 我要去有将难么 ?
RT : 大头贴. 4 of us(Y) 
眼泪掉下来的那一刻 , 知道自己已经绝望 :'(
不要让我失望 , 好么 。 我真的很想出席 , 不要让我再有多一次的遗憾 , 可以么 T.T
boring ya !!
你不会知道你的一个赞对我来说有多重要 :)
  12 maybe around 11
 this friday you want to go festival ?
开心能与你相遇 :)
  ahahaha , then tomorrow dunwan come to school lar ! Blek !
  ahaha ! bye lor !! tomorrow also can see you !!
  hahahha ! you lose lar !!
  cheh , i dunwan
 lazy
 dunwan ! friday i go you all never go !
 same same :)
 RT ?
周汤豪 , 靓仔 &lt;3
 what subject ?
a lot of homework :S
 he is so 靓仔 &lt;3
