RT : 有时候你需要接受现实，有些事永远也回不去以前的样子了
RT : No expectations, no disappointments.
Wondering How many present will she get Today XD
RT : There are too much great and priceless memories in my secondary school life ☺️
RT : Life still goes on
RT : 隐藏自己的感受并不容易，但有时候，这是你唯一能做的了。
Don't even try to hurt someone. Even if the wound heals. The scar stays.
Should I do it? XD
 can also XD
 you want present? XD
Guess It's my bad for expecting too much.
Do I even have a place to stand in your heart?
Still believing but, more than half of the expectation is gone.
如果没有你，没有过去，我不会有伤心。
RT : Some kind of human do Twitter account not for play but stalk ppl...
RT : 就算你瘦了，
变好看了，
你什么都好了，
不爱你的人还是不爱你。

即使你再胖，
再难看，
再怎么不好，
爱你的人永远不会嫌弃你。
RT : ": 成长的道路上你可能会遇见很多人。有人嫌弃你的体重，有人介意的容貌，有人害怕你的无理取闹，有人受不了你的脾气，有人嫉妒你太优秀也有人看清你不把你当回事儿。尽管如此，总有一个人正在接受并习惯着你的这些，问题是…
RT : 人的内心有多孤独 光从外表是看不出来的
RT : 最怕的就是我一直觉得很重要的人，而他最重要的人却不是我。
RT : 有时候不想谈恋爱的人，并不是心里有一个人。而是害怕付出了真感情，最后把自己伤的伤痕累累。
RT : 人们常常去怀念那些过去的事情，不只是因为它有多美好，也是因为它再也回不来了
RT : 到时考个单位数给你来个崩溃 hahaha
RT : 还能堕落到几时哦 walao ehhh
RT : When can i stop being so lazy duhhh.
RT : me on valentines day 
RT : Don't let anyone feel you're not good enough. 
RT : 做自己才是最大的赢家!
RT : Dear heart 
RT : 是时候忘记过去 向前看了
RT : ": 我怕一毕业，身边就少了那群能让我笑的疯子。"
RT : 我好希望 在我很累很累的时候 有个人给我打电话 逗我笑 唱首歌给我听
RT : No one will be thankful for the things you did for them.
Miserable
RT : 只有受到傷害.. 你才會學會擋住傷害
RT : 朋友挺你有三種  一種用嘴巴挺 說說而已 一種用心挺 心永遠挺你 一種用行動挺 拿出真正的意氣相挺  不管哪一種挺 都是一種心意  以後你想回報時 也應該知道用甚麼心回報 可別傻傻付出錯對象
RT : 再怎麼堅強的人  都會有想哭、軟弱以及想任性的時候  再怎麼獨立的人  也會有想要人陪、想要溫暖、想要依靠、想要一份簡單的幸福的時候
RT : 有些愿望终究只是愿望，永远不可能实现
Please God.. help me.
Feeling wore out.
I'm tired yet worry.
Dozen of things on my mind
Dad's sick.
What is this, we used to be so close. I rmb that week at kuching we use to msg all day long. Then suddenly we're like stranger.
Suddenly I'm feeling so down.
脱皮了咯 o.o
RT : ": 在乎较深的那个人  往往被伤得越深"
不是你的，就不是你的。如果是你的，也早就接受你了
想了想，决定不要为不可能的事情付出。
 no
RT : 不是我不帮你...
Bu shi larh. I'm Nt that fierce
I don't understand people nowadays. Pandai pandai cakap belakang. Face to face la :3
RT : Buy for your girlfriend larhhh
RT : 坚强很难, 但那是唯一能做的事
RT : 在这充满虚情假意的世界里, 还能期望什么??
RT : Things changed so much this year. Hmmm :/
 Maybe ba
我们几时变得那么疏远O.O
 u never go 出队today harr..?
RT : Don't judge me unless you know me. Don't underestimate me unless you've challenged me. Don't talk about me unless you've t…
失望。。
Miracle Maybe?
RT : Heartbreak
RT : It hurts to let go. Sometimes it seems the harder you try to hold on to something or someone the more it wants to get away.
RT : ": I wish I could read people's minds."
 thankiuu manda XDDDD
 aiyerr. I Miss your brother
期待中 o.o
What a birthday.
After everything that I've done 4 you. I wonder where do I stand in your heart.
 uiyohh. Tanker o. Jyjy ba ^^
 How leh like dat o.o Chu 1 u Chu Dui rw reh.
 take medicine rw ma?
闷到臭酸 @.@
@eveniallerpayne got ld outing
@eveniallerpayne cannot rofl
@eveniallerpayne * he
@eveniallerpayne Abo? She sits with Gavin I think
RT : I fucking trusted you, my mistake.
RT : Dun take it as a joke when I'm serious
 sad rw ro. I just reached kl :P
Can't believe Velson is transferring to sg. Hate life &gt;&lt;
RT : Meeting new people. Trying new things. Exploring different places.
If you really think we did something wrong. Feel free to confront us. Don't just hide in the shadows :3
 nice XD Jiu shi sad u not with meee XD Chester Nt with me also?
 *sticking my nose in* what happened :3
 jj or ns?
 picture picture
 can a. Same same de XD Hope I won't hin. Cos Yi Siew hao xiang hin hin de also. Later everyone hin. O.o
 see first XD I think your voice will still be the same. @@
 knw la :P don't overwork yourself a :)
You can't destroy me. I lived through tough times.
4 more days to go T.T
Hope that you'll go back to who you used to be after everything ends.
RT : 男生跟女生感情好 不一定是要在一起 女生很在意男生 不一定就要跟對方談戀愛 很多關係很好要的男女 就是被很多愛說是非的人搞破壞 搞得大家都尷尬了 連同學、朋友也做不成了 原本很單純的友誼 就這樣被剝離了......(copy)
RT : The real strength is that you can still cheer up when everyone expects you to break down
 tqq ^^
 Maybe? XD
 na li zhi dao o
RT : 当坚强成为你唯一的选择，你才知道自己可以有多坚强。
RT : 最灿烂的笑容藏着最深的秘密，最动人的眼睛流过最多的眼泪，最善良的心感受过最深刻的痛。
 partner Ren bu hao. My right eye swollen.
 Ren bu hao &gt;&lt;
眼睛肿 O.O
 hao de. :P
 semok Lai de :3
 hao de hao de. Jian er XD
 today learn many many new stuff ha??
 Add m3. Teacher fly me aeroplane la T T
RT : I hate it when other people flirt with you.
 hin jiao!!!!
 never go ld meh jian er. BTW, my tuition also kacau me. No tuition T.T now I stuck at John chia house.
我想念单纯的你。。
 &gt;&lt;
 hin ma
 jian er!!!
 u okay? XP
So awkward!!!! :3
RT : Stupid. Should keep it in.
Trying to live my life to the fullest.
It's time for a test of trust...
Misunderstandings? Rumors? Screw them. True friends will understand you and judge you with eyes, not ears.
忐忑
  I copy from Wen Cheng XD
 abuden xP
What comes easy won't last. And those that lasts, won't come easy.
 可以哦 ：）
 不错哟
 深奥
Don't step into puddles where you don't belong. You'll trouble yourself. Lesson learned.
决定了。我要做‘智者‘。
Consumed by sadness #midnight blue
Take people's words into consideration. They might not be true. But only those who cares would comment on you. Think about it.
Don't take people for granted. Or one day they'll surely leave you for good. Proven fact.
RT : 以前哭着说不舍 现在能笑着述说曾经
Issat. totally hate "kacautongkam"
Please think before you act. Don't ruin your own future.
I used to look up to u guys. But now, u guys disappoint me so much &gt;&lt;
It's good to have a funny teacher once in a while XD
 let it go, let it go, turn my back and slam the door.
Okay. I admit I enjoy school life. But I definitely don't like tons of tuition. &gt;&lt;
Determination for transformation.
希望在你心里站一份位子。
RT : 最怕和自己在乎的人慢慢变远,变淡,变陌生的过程,真的是发自内心的疼.  :(
这只是第二次，没事的。
有些事情，不知道，比知道的好。
 o.o so busy. Alright Then XD
 Bu yao
 long time Bo see. Going prac Tmr?
 laoya XD
 宅三小 XD
 Wei shen me
RT : The life like this is just too mainstream
 Qi guai de Ren lei &gt;&lt;
RT : Hate Khun yang to the MAX
The mother of tweeter 
  he played more League of Legend XDD
RT : If they took you for granted, let them go. Walk away and find someone better, someone you deserve, someone who treats you…
I feel u. XDD
Things will never go as I wish.. :(
 I just sit here doing Ntg lol. I think soon I'm gonna fall asleep
 Dun wanna sleep. 16 hours to spent later.
 bei jing bei jing
Don't get caught in your memories. Things pass and change. Nothing will stay the same forever.
I'm just really sorry for being a pathetic fool.
How stupid I am to think we're still close friends.
Just realised there is so much things that I don't know.
 :)
I thought that you wouldn't mind :(
There's another side of our world that I fail to see throughout these 16 years.
The world that I live in changed so much.
Im tired. Physically and mentally.
It hurts the most when you really care.
