睡觉时间到!! (@ Home Sweet Home ~^^) 
Yum cha !! (@ Donutes Coffee &amp; Cake Baking w/ 2 others) 
又是睡午觉的时间了!! (@ Home Sweet Home ~^^) 
Waiting for the time !! (@ Loudspeaker Karaoke Setia Walk) 
Movie with colleagues !! :-D:-D (at  w/ 3 others) 
I'm at  (Puchong, Selangor) w/ 5 others 
I'm at Loudspeaker Karaoke Setia Walk 
做工咯!! (@ 大嘴叭 Loud Speaker Setia Walk Puchong) 
人活的开心就好,根本不用去太在意别人的看法!!
我一直都觉得有东西的话,都是靠自己比较好的!!!经过刚刚那件事后,我觉得我的想法更正确!!
 an offer to work at jb
Breakfast! ! (@ Tappers Caffé) 
又是开工的时候了 
一个人就算多有钱,只要他没有车都还是要看人家面色!!
Just finished movie with family !!:-D:-D (@ Golden Screen Cinemas (GSC) - @gscinemas w/ 11 others) 
吃团圆steamboat咯!!:-D:-D 
Happy Chinese New Year! !:-D 
Breakfast !! 
期待明天的假期!!:-D:-D 
Should I accept the offer ??
 
BM请的贡茶!!哈哈哈:-D 
With 大嘴叭娃娃 !!:-D:-D 
Wat a nice place! !:-D:-D (@ Ossoto Spa w/ 4 others) 
喝茶!!喝茶!! 
Dinner !!:-D (@ DG Food Court w/ 3 others) 
I'm at 大嘴叭 Loud Speaker Setia Walk Puchong 
Having dim sum with colleagues!!:-D (@ Restoran Jin Xuan Hong Kong Sdn. Bhd. (锦选香港特极点心)) 
I'm at Sunway Lagoon Amphitheatre (Petaling Jaya, Selangor) 
Got my first salary few days ago and now it already gone half !! My god
Visiting others outlet !!:-D (@ Loudspeaker Karaoke Cheras Selatan (大嘴叭)) 
First time steamboat at 6am !! 
早早被吵醒来打边炉!!夜班的同事真够力 
Again !!:-D (@ 大嘴叭Setia Walk Puchong) 
Seriously I dun feel u all r my family !!!!
开工咯!! 
Working also loudspeaker , leave also loudspeaker ! (@ 大嘴叭Setia Walk Puchong) 
Miss the day we sleeping together !!:-D 
Just posted a photo 
I seriously need a own car now !!!
I'm at Penang International Airport (PEN) (Bayan Lepas, Penang) w/ 38 others 
Just posted a photo 
Visiting the sleeping Buddha !! 
Just posted a photo 
Just posted a photo 
Bido....bido.....bido. .........!!! 
Just posted a photo 
Dinner !! (@ Gurney Drive - @visitpenang w/ 2 others) 
I'm at @ESCAPE_penang (Teluk Bahang, Penang) w/ 5 others 
Having fun at beach with fren yesterday !! 
Having dim sum with fellow friends !!:-D 
Heading to beach !!!:-D 
I'm at Subang SkyPark Terminal (SZB) (Subang, Selangor) w/ 14 others 
Lunch !! (@ Penang One w/ 2 others) 
 早就知道你的死 pattern啦!!
Crazy cheong k ing (@ Red Box Karaoke w/ @mervin2903wys) 
  jack I'm going karaoke with henry n ys n zq wanna join ?
Okay gud Nightssssss world !!! Hope tomorrow I will pass for tomorrow interview ! Nothing can't stop me from that
I used yo be like that to everyone but if u dun like it yhen I cant help
I used to be kind to others but some how ALWAYS  cant be understand by others
I dun like to fight with others but just the way the people talking to me !!!!
Brunch ...!:-D 
 y u so so so eager to go college
Finally can relax dy! !!!
 lol no one tell me also leh
Time to sleep liao bye guys gud luck for tomorrow!
 seriously u do k now how to do today's questions meh?
 okay lo ! Hahaha sorry ah tauke niang hahaha
 it's about hard work before exam brings today's easy de woh
 ya but I think someone yesterday say something very lc de woh at fb
Okay now let's take a short nap before proceed to chemistry !
 I wan take normal science T.T
 okay let's see
 me also forgot my edy T.T
RT : Physics paper 3,open the first page.Ahh...I forgot how to measure the reading /.\
RT : This year physics paper is a lot easier if you compare to past years
 if u never get an A+ for it I'll definitely laugh at u ^.^
Feeling hungry~~~~~T.T
Just hv my  Breakfast ....... (@ Restoran Ah Wing 永西刀鱼丸粉) 
She said I long time nvr tk pic wiyh her edy woh !:O 
I srsly cant mk decision on whr I shld go for wrk while waiting my result after SPM ! Pls gv some comments guys .
Genting or Singapore? HELP
 yeaaaa me too
": PPIM terima aduan mendakwa kertas soalan Matematik dan Matematik Tambahan bagi peperiksaan SPM tahun ini, bocor."
RT : PPIM terima aduan mendakwa kertas soalan Matematik dan Matematik Tambahan bagi peperiksaan SPM tahun ini, bocor.
I rather staying alone compared to staying with family ! Maybe I'm just dun like to being controlled :O
I wonder why is there no ones really understand me even my own family
RT : 有些事情宁愿少出声不与他们谈论，因为这些人永远自以为是，不愿接受批评
 agree!
RT : 不管你的洋房有多大，汽车有多少辆，人面有多广，财富有多少，当火化之后，骨灰瓮的大小都是一样的，stay humble。
 sure boh
 awwwww my oong break only half month away hahaha
Quickly burn off 2+ inches of stomach fat while losing up to 30 lbs of fat in less than a month with&gt; 
 I didn't post I  think my acc kena hack liao
Bunch of chidish fellow !!! Hahaha:-D 
 lol
 oii, good dog never block the way ah !
Finally we are graduated !!! #fighting#for#SPM#after#this 
Last actual school day at school today !:-D 
 hahaha
  lol bad guy ! Wasted my energy to develop a baby for u sui lou
  I think mama better hahaha :-P
  papa ?
  fine lor then Haizzzz:-(
  we gay when there is only both of us  okay hahaha :-P
 lol dun gay me here later my baobei  will slap u so hard hahaha :-P
 good lah congrats
Hope tomorrow will be a memorable day in school !!
Hv u all imagine the feelings of being ignored when talking in a group ?
 sorry to say that I'd accidentally read ur name as UNDENIABLYBITCH
 hahaha dun jealous next year u will br the same also lah
 still faster than me lah
 haizz so good lah u finished exam edy I still hv one more month to go T.T
 thursday I no school edy !! ! Hahaha tomorrow is graduation ceremony ! I think jack looi will be going also tomorrow
 errmm tell u tomorrow okay ?
 show me tomorrow ya! !!
 lol
Cs , tell urself just one more n u r not gonna see that bitch face anymore !!!!
 good lor then
 is that u ?
The most sampat class ever !!! 
Good night people !
 just ignored them n think something happy ! It's not worth if u not happy because of them
 cool down !!!
Last biology tuition class!! Thanks Mr Jay for the pizza :-D 
Era's photostat machines really Sucks !!!
 why did u jealous because he never buy for u ?
会穿衣但是不会烫衣的人跟OKU有什么分别!!! 最后一个月吧了看你们可以神气多几久!!!!
Just posted a photo 
Siao jor! !! 
Sing k-ing!!:-D 
Now my voice is cracked n am so fulled! :-D
I'm at Neway Karaoke Box (Puchong, Selangor) w/ 2 others 
I think it's time to sleep edy !
I'm at  (Puchong, Selangor) w/ 3 others 
     damn jealous lah me no licence Haizzzz. ........I also wan to go take driving test edy
     finally can fetch edy Henry 
Not like me
Mummy praising Taiwan's food was so nice !!!!!!! I WANNA GO :-(
     hahaha :-P
Going sing k on Wednesday hahaha !!!
   luckily u never disappointed us just like   hahaha :-P
   congrats new drivers !!:-D
    chui see is it because u again? ??
 人的本性!
I need food! !!!
Hehehe souvenirs from Taiwan !!! Tq mummy !!:-D:-D 
Omg my mom bought this phone cover for me from Taiwan hahaha! !:-D #laugh#die#me 
I'm at 味味好海鲜火锅之家 (Puchong, Selangor) 
Steamboat with sister !:-D 
I'm at Madam Chiam Pan Mee (媚姨板面) (Kuala Lumpur, WP Kuala Lumpur) w/ 2 others 
 u going to school today meh?
Feeling weird when driving today bc nvr drive for a week ! 
Only cakes n bread for today !:-( 
Okay its time to study !
 I hv no car for this week lah
 没有啦,开玩笑吧了
 if I wan u also wont watch with me de lah
 bila?
 Bojio
 why should I mad?
 come let's fight
 yeah
  oi brownie who ask u to retweet my stuff de ah
I'm freaking hungry now .. My dear brother where is my lunch? ??????
Omce upon a time , u used to be a very closed n important fren to me but now ~~~ u dun even really had a good conversation with me :-(
RT : 我毫不犹豫的把闹钟关掉，然后就睡到现在@@ 真厉害~
Dear , let's us fight for our future together okay !!!
I'm at Noodles &amp; Toast (Puchong, Selangor) 
我一个人吃饭旅行 到处走走停停
 vomit when facing book edy lah now
 lol tak boleh meh baobei
  a person that u dunno hahaha
 a human lah
 ermmmm
I dunno this decision will make me regrets a not
Hope to have time to go out with you , my Dear ! Hwaiting.......:-D
   ermmmm xy r u okay?
Sweet dreams everyone!
Feel so full now after supper hahaha! !
 actually how many phone cover do u hv? Why u need so many?
  lol xin yue
  why u dun just go knock his door n scold him?
  he memang like that one lah
I hate myself!
Alone at home for 8 days next week !:-(
RT : A woman who loves you will get angry at you for so many things but she will stick around you no matter what. #Truth
#np 我对你这一生哪个可比    
我与你差一些永远一起
  ask him oah then
 ei ys try to post it on fb see how many like u get lah dei
 lol x upaya to do edy today do too much chemistry edy
   lol Suhaasan I'm going lah tomorrow but just worried thst we could not see u only
 lol why u so mean one but good job man !!!!!
 lol won't lah
 who make this !!
RT : Somehow I think this post should be tredding like mad :) 
 lol
 wat he said ?
 liebig condenser also can lah
 hahaha
 place mirror
Okay that's all for today !
Gud night world!
