直接问我你要五十还是二十哈哈
 what happen??
 the most beautiful kakak !!
 aiya know Then good la! Thumb small jiu small
Hello Indonesia hotel haha!! 
有钱人就是不一样啊
不要这样对她好吗
其实每次都不开心
 哈哈绝对不是因为这个因素！！
 好大的对比啊
 yeahhhh you too!!
哥哥说这个复古！哈哈！新年快乐！ 
由不得你来批评吧
我的人生我自己决定
 go wengkit house wet haha!
 go shower la!
 a bit la HAHHAHAHAHA!
What a stupid question!!
I am not the reason
  ohhh know le haha! Yea byebye! HAHAHAHHAHAHAH
所以说，还是不要让我知道不是更好吗
  huhh?? I can't get what you mean HAAHAHHAHAHAH, next time pat you don't comment, if not he sure come d!
  wahhh this guy long time no appear le! Why pain oh?
 Because see dao you too happy liao. Then my leg happy also!
 幸好我房间小哈哈
My favourite blue colour! 
 我昨天已经烫完了
 my family d people lo....
 they not busy d lo! Really disappointed!
这团圆饭还真烂啊
 哈哈，对哦！够懒，我直接给他炸到！
为了不要洗衣，宁愿不要穿衣-_-!
 no la! I mean last time we exam run ah... hen sad lehhh
 I am not ghost leh
 haha no la!! I think is run gua haha!
 aiyooo you think I want d meh?! You also noob haha! You also want take care ah!!
 哈哈看到红包还是照飞过去拿
脚扭伤了T.T
不要用借口来掩盖事实
Keep showing me his thing haha
就因为我懂你，所以我才不能那样
这是一种心态的问题
原来你和其他人没什么分别
对不起，打扰了
 回家
非要这样说话
 take care la! Can't eat so much spicy or what ah
也很酸你选择跟他说
我承认你这么说时，我心里很酸
 sick still shop ah!
每次做一件事情都有如果就好了
 okay! Then I wait you
 haha sure need la, make it better and better haha
一定要搞到这样吗
我错了吗
 haha in dream touch ah? Haha!!
 if you want then you just come haha!
脸蛋滑滑的，真开心
After doing mask, feel so great hehe
RT : aduh im wasting my time
红红一片的戏剧学会做lockscreen wallpaper 真的很美
 哈哈，很烂咧，没关系，你没有whatsapp mar?
一切的相遇都让我觉得很荒谬
千方百计不停地按retry只为了确定一些事情
想要眼不见为净都难
我竟然问我那个不会音乐的二哥theory
你不能这样，这是你所选择的，你早该预料到
开学这么久了，终于听到她的声音了
你到底还是喜欢着他的，其实我也不喜欢这样来伤害你
 mana ada?! In my heart le la! So big you can't see only
 wahhh!  I want hear leh haha
RT : 一毛钱都还没有筹到…=.=
终于有一天是早回家的
 没有啦，只是想到今天的事而已，啊，明天第一次下课留下来啊
 haha 对不起咯，这样生气吗
Hello random selfie yo!! 
 你是要我再泼水给你，是吗？
 yea lo, market so low haha! Aiya, beinifaxian le!!! Ahhahahahah
 ehhh I didn't see dao this ehh, but you also no delete la hmmphhh
 private msg him!
你怎么可以这样不在意
  hahahhaha!!! Zilian daooo!!
 hmmmphhh!!! !!  You see your boy!! Keep saying nonsense
 haha maybe?? But haihhh!
我就知道你的性格，真的很烂
那一刻很孤单
喧闹的人群，却不是我能拥有的
如果有一天我不再对你好了
但只是如果
如果那个语气我换了，是不是会有不一样的结果呢？
RT : 勿以善小而不为，新年巡回演出明天放学后将莅临本校！！欢迎全校师生，不怕没位坐，只怕你不来！免费入场！光前堂见:)
他最了解我的想法
结果我哥哥一直跟我道歉和跟我一起内疚
 ermmm ye dui!
 你最好有思和梦哦
 wahhh tolong! Wo bu yao!
Cherry 的话激励了我！
 这种人就是这么犯贱和欠打的哦！明天没有看到你就死！！
 可以有点责任感？
 no... you come!
 no excuse please
 cannot!!!!! Tmr gives me!
 yea hor!!!!! I also forget le!!!
 哈哈，我还真的不知道哦
 不是爱吗？T.T
惨了，我觉得我遇到变态了.
 但是绝对不会到你身上，要都先到我的哈哈
 haha never mind la, 看多几次也不会是你的哈哈
 what?!!!! You take photos with him!! Yerrrr!!! Not fair OMG!! HAHAHHAHAHAH
 he is one of the actors?? You happy what!!
 haha yerrrr !! Got see dao mine??? Hahahahhahq!!!
 aiya! I macam know is who leh
 no take photos??
 don't know who say....
就算你们不同意我的想法，我还是想这样地去坚持，因为这是我的目的
我真的很懒惰去想你们的这种心态，既然你们这样做，你们觉得这样才是有意义的，那就随便吧，反正你们根本不会了解其中的意义
幸好知道我妈的性格，不然就功亏一篑了
 借？
 那是还没做咯？
 做了吗
我并不想要死缠烂打地去守着一个人
现在爸妈出去时留给我的话是记得冲凉
当你在那个位子时，你才懂那种感觉
其实我并不想要，我不舍得放手
 my writing also nice haha!
 哈哈我也这么觉得！！！ha ha hhahahahha
 so fast ah! Don't go to guess, 会有新的体验
 xiexie!! HAHHAHAHAHHA
 mean 逼咯哈哈
 明明就是你逼我的！
 diam la =,=...sendiri want ohhh!
 you want wayang me?!!! HAHAHHAHAHAH
 哈哈，这句话真中听啊！
我不喜欢，也不舒服
 不爱帮天使传送心意的使者吗？T,T
不去奢望太多，你会获得更多
Tomorrow bring a cute dog yeah!
  林思吟！是没有给我杀过吗？！haha!! What same? We are not same! I love pat!
  walao -_-!you hebat lehh
 that someone is you lo!
 haha bully means love la!
 为什么我心情不好没有巧克力的？T,T
  everyday hugs her haha
 哈哈看你怎么看
 haha 还是会很复杂
心情很复杂
  haha what ehhh!! I so love her okay??!!
 love you for one second!!
 not angel meh?
我相信缘分这回事
我哥看我玩着电话，问我你是哪间学校的
 可以！！你说的就可以哈哈
 because hasn't what mar! So you wait me create one more haha
 哦，原来好老师是这样定义的啦
 yeahhh! I no homework leh
你已经很忙了，你连开心的时间都很少，所以你根本没有时间去伤心了
我只想要多一点
这样的情景我不想要也不愿再发生
不懂要怎样安慰人的，跟着自己的感觉走，好吗
 so love me meh ?I will shy shy d leh
 this girl, don't spam my insta! HAHAHAHHA
 可是我也没有稿纸哦，我叫别人给你啊
 哦哈哈哈哈哈！没办法啦，上天注定不要你写那么多哈哈！哇，我很想看咧，可是我写到有点词穷，不懂要怎样表达哈哈
 harrr? 代表你写完了，可是不见了？！
 我爸爸刚才叫我用电话把我的眼眼镜call出来T.T
 什么？！还是要啊
 这样还差不多，算你及格啦
有人特地为她着想，用心良苦啊！！！
  eh halo! I change name le la!! That one can fried and eat d haha!
吃不到食物的味道很痛苦
 哈哈，不会啦，我还想见到你呢
 okay! 假假信你一次啦
 haha orange got help? My dad got buy for me! Haha lol! 我还死不了啦
 not leh! 伤风，明天你看不到活跃的我了哈哈
 haha 听着先
 no wor! Keep visiting my toilet haha! I don't know my father goes where to buy things that can help me haha! T,T
 wahhhh like that meh haha! Rmb hot water ohhh
 is I tell you d okay?
 then together no need marks lo!
 haha aiya, why you saw dao le!
 Haha you come to take care me !
 haha sick also want together meh? Hen sad eh!
OMG!! Feeling not well la...
Ahhhhhh!!! Suffering!!
这个月的座位我会好好珍惜
 haha yea leh! I capture let you see!
 haha pasar malam T.T
Two shirts and one pair of shoes!!
 haha, they too sad le
其实感觉会慢慢减少的
Ohhh yeahhh! I finish doing the cards le!
  aiya I am small you are big lo! Aduhhhhh!
 haha, 这样才能交代任务啊哈哈
 肩膀在这！
 哈哈对啊，你太甜了哈哈
Favourite iced lemon tea from brother, so sweet hehe
那种温馨
 唉呀，我们要享受这种忙碌的感觉！
他们永远给不了我那种感觉
 why suddenly go to check d you? Lollllll I lazy check, because last time I also can't check
