人是被逼成长的
 食饱, 眼训, 打飞机

RT : Maybe I don't cry,
but it hurts.

Maybe I won't say,
but I feel.

Maybe I don't show,
but I care.
Conceal, don't feel
 thanks! The brozone lol
I hate fever :-(
RT : Nobody wants a job,

we all just want money.
Keep calm and eat kangkung!
Pressure pressure stress
 china house cafe, good cakes n environment.  One of the best in thr
 constipation
The most we could ever ask for is now long dead and gone.
Sleepless
其实都很幸运, 一次爆两个胎, 考完试才爆, 还好有两个兄弟帮忙借胎换胎, 早上去补原来两胎都穿了两个洞. 补了两次胎, 好事不成双
Fucktard.
Poker Hands  via  
Dinosaur  via  
   Lol bo bian /_\
Was it love at first sight?  via  
X-ray of someone talking 
 no la go find badminton racket.. haha shun bian go tlc buy sumthg..
 rajinnya...
 dan mungkin bila nanti.....
New year, new me #bullshit
 u go find ur gf badminton la dun come futsal la
I wont cut my hair until I score a hat trick.
 enjoy the beautiul jam
Exacerbated
A little less hurt
RT : 美國知名巧克力大廠Hershey's即將在柔佛士乃設廠，預計明年初動工，投資額超過8億令吉，提供400個就業機會。
A smooth sea do not make good sailors.
RT : RIP Facebook. Too many of our parents joined.
RT : In awkward situations, we all pretend to text.
RT : Age doesn't define maturity.
RT : Don't expect too much. 

It's always better to feel surprised than to feel disappointed.
 LMao
I thought I had it all figured out but...
Bo hood!!!
Thank you for making me see myself.
Grown up is, more coffee, less stupid
犯贱
算了
昨天的太阳, 晒不干今天的衣裳
RT : To be old and wise, 

you first must be young and stupid.
要么年少吃苦, 要年老辛苦
 u too, hohoho :)
 haha I end up go cyber cafe play till morning.
 yea lol
My Christmas is.. lepak with friends till 3.00 forgot bring house key, phone battery dies, now wait at mamak till morning
△ 
♛ J∆Y $W∆G ♛ 
Don't Let The Muggles Get You Down. 
beach, boy, cool, cute - inspiring picture on  
Haha fuck my feelings.
LMFAO
 haha, u too :)
 :3 :(
RT : People who hide their feelings usually care the most.

 hey welcomee :)
 oOo
 ==
You Should Fall For Someone Who Doesn’t Love You | Thought Catalog  via @thoughtcatalog
RT : 你无法叫醒一个装睡的人，也无法感动一个不爱你的人。
 redo only... T.T Belum fail la
Lap sap
很多人话电影世界很荒谬, 其实人生比电影更荒谬
 fagsssssss
RT : Here's to the girls who hate this feeling 
  haha no problem la.. :) I very 成熟1
痴心绝对
RT : I want to meet the teenage versions of my parents.
I thought of you, and where you gone, and let the world spin madly on.
 emo lo
我好兰辛苦......
Come on...
 泥。。。。
RT : Words can hurt others, but sometimes, silence hurts even more than words.
Brain thinks, heart doesn't, what you feel does not mean its true all the time.
@#$*$*@^/&amp;@@ oOo u la really
统统不要好过, 来年岁月那么多
 come I belanja u makan pisang :)
RT : Help meeee!!!! 
My heart breaks a little when I hear your name.
I find it really hard to face you.
 bojio
RT : I wish I could read your mind to know what you really think of me.
RT : No one ever gets tired of loving. But everyone gets tired of waiting, assuming, hearing lies, saying sorry, hurting. #relationship
献世
RT : Life becomes so much more fun once you decide to not care!
 u can actually eat more fruits to solve this. High fibre food
RT : Pokemon + Digimon = Best memory of childhood ever
当开了心房让某人走进来在心里留下脚印, 就要预了被人踩碎的后果。
因为以前淘心淘肺, 所以现在没心没肺。
RT : Remember, when somebody annoys you, it takes 42 muscles in your face to frown, but only 4 muscles to extend your arm and slap the…
There are difference between 'just being nice' and 'treating someone nice'.
RT : I wanted to text you but, I don't want to annoy you.
RT : Do you ever just make up scenarios in your head that you know will never happen but it makes you so happy so u just keep on imagi…
Scattered heart
I feels like im an annoying dick sometimes....
对不起谢谢
RT : When you really love someone, even if there are a million reasons to leave, you still look for that one reason to stay. #love 
Maybe she will?
期待原来是一种伤害。
Men is violent, they will rob u, beat u then they will leave u, a women is nonviolent, but they will shit inside of ur heart forever.
跌太深爬不出来......
RT : Sarcasm. Because beating the sh*t out of people is apparently illegal.
 im category 6. Lol
RT : The hardest thing is not talking to someone you used to talk to everyday.
我某野喔。真是ok wo. Diu
 wat does it really stand? Lol
When your minds are all fucked up, most terrible feelings ever.
思想是最恐怖的武器。
RT : “Hey, it’s been 6 seconds, go check your phone again.” –My Brain
Faith is all I need.
RT : Life is Hard; it's harder if you're stupid.
 because she was more than friend.
That moment when you realize she treat u as friend, and u never treat her as friend.
  haizzZzzz
 cheers sing sing
Feeling fucked.
God damn I love her anyway.
 me too. Too bad exam season :-(
有时中毒不致命, 不解毒才致命。
 hahahaha 老人痴呆is a common sickness
Damn I hate these feelings
Imagine king for a day.
RT :  check out SMK Victoria Institution in Kuala Lumpur. They are the new breed of attack. #HYPERVENOM
对你越好我越伤。
Never been better.
A brave new world.
Such irony.
Make a change, make the world a better place cause tomorrow could be one day too late.
  i takde awek la...haha.. beli minion utk ibu..
 tak beli utk awek ke? huhu..
 :( ada awek tak mau kawan liao
 Come gor gor hug
 i dont mind wo if they cover all my expenses XD
  bojio :(
 hahahaha
Asking question which i already know the answer.
 nenene bubu
PC need service, Car need service, i think myself need to service as well. #everythingbreakdown
 saja saja.lol
 alamak approve aku la...huhu
Cause if my heart can't stop it, I'll find a way to block it I go....  #lalala
"Once more into the fray...into the last good fight I'll ever know.  Live and die on this day...Live and die on this day"  #thegrey
The haze is so serious, a mosquito fly in from the window and die in front of me.
Show me how to fight for now.
Jom menyambut Festival Jerebu ramai-ramai ! 
main organizer:Indonesia co-organizer: Malaysia, Singapore
First time pumped RON97 and it feels like viagra for car.
Did anyone smell Miami is burnin up? 
 Nah just kidding, kekekeke
 it makes everything looks big.
The new Saga Super Value, sounds like something you would buy from a hypermarket.
Falling In Reverse - "Raised By Wolves":  via @youtube
Stand And Scream!
Running is like drug, the more you run, the more addicted you be.
follow me on twitter dear friends! 
 Real Madrid? LOL
two 10 KM runs in june, excited!
Hot like Hell
