我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
crepe suzette cake 
Saint Laurent 
夜市小卷排排站 
Happy Cinq...光之乳酪 
Haritts Cafe. Japanese style donuts 
Haritts Cafe. Japanese Style Donuts. 
Haritts Cafe. From Japan 
Taichung Forro Cafe. Brunch Time! 
Taichung 宮原眼科冰淇淋 
Moscato, thin, good for drink alone. Wine from Crane Lake via Vivino: 
Smell not as good as the one in 2006, but still very nice!. Wine from Guinaudeau via Vivino: 
Smell not as good as the one in 2006, but still very nice!. Wine from Guinaudeau via Vivino: 
Smooth . Wine from  via Vivino: 
Check out this wine from Maria Del Mar. I'm giving it 3 of 5 stars with the Vivino app: 
Check out this wine from Guillot. I'm giving it 3.5 of 5 stars with the Vivino app: 
Check out this great wine from Guinaudeau. I'm giving it 4 of 5 stars with the Vivino app: 
Moscato, thin, good for drink alone. Wine from Crane Lake via Vivino: 
果香超香，很好喝. Wine from Chateau De Ferrand via Vivino: 
Dry but fruity, too light for me. Smells really good. Wine from Crane Lake via Vivino: 
Dry but fruity, a little bit thin for me. Smells really good. Wine from Crane Lake via Vivino: 
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
Go with sea food, dry white wine. Wine from Pecorari via Vivino: 
實在是放太久了吧，我怕我會拉肚子.... Wine from Delas Freres via Vivino: 
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 新增了篇文章：2013 HK荷包空空不讓你餓之煌府 
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 新增了篇文章：20131219 慶城街 義大利小吃 
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 新增了篇文章：20130804 1 bite 2 go Cafe &amp; Deli士林店 
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 新增了篇文章：20120603 笹鮨 SASA壽司 
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 新增了篇文章：20090109 荃壽司 
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 新增了篇文章：20131020 松菸誠品之好滴咖啡 
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 新增了篇文章：20090109 荃壽司 
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 新增了篇文章：20120603 笹鮨 SASA壽司 
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 新增了篇文章：2013 HK荷包空空不讓你餓之煌府 
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 新增了篇文章：20131219 慶城街 義大利小吃 
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 新增了篇文章：20131020松菸誠品之好滴咖啡 
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 新增了篇文章：20130804 1 bite 2 go Cafe &amp; Deli士林店 
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 新增了篇文章：20131219 慶城街 義大利小吃 
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 新增了篇文章：2013 HK荷包空空不讓你餓之煌府 
我在痞客邦 PIXNET 上傳了新相片：
I want Chloe!!! 
Check out this wine from . I'm giving it 3 of 5 stars with the Vivino app: 
果香超香，很好喝. Wine from Chateau De Ferrand via Vivino: 
Cate Blanchett: 'You know you're a pessimist when you win an Oscar and think, "Oh God, I've peaked"' 
Black shower &amp; marble 

++ 
不好意思喔我要下手這一套了 Isabel Marant pour H&amp;M The Isabel Marant pour H&amp;M collection is Parisian chic with an  
My sister in law to be brought this honey cake for us from Tokyo. Delicious but the price is a bit high.  … 
Saint Laurent Dance Films | F.TAPE | Fashion Directory 
With every heartbeat / kyss mig:  來自 @youtube
八月是美容月, 購物月, 噴錢月...
hm's photo 


大尾鱸鰻之低級幹譙週日 @ 威秀影城 VieShow Cinemas 
媽咪😻 
小當贏了! I am so proud of u!!! 
新年想到的第一句話竟然是＂這真是個資訊爆炸的年代＂
Jean Marc vallee....Thank you.
Reminds me of the States.... 
Everything is for sale now. It's only market value.
The best advise I've been given is to visualize where you see you life going. Don't let the barriers stop you or over come who you are.
還記得去年夏天去Lake Tahoe露營...雖然不連絡了，但是還是謝謝你們全家人 
Steven Alan / Shawl Collar Cardigan 
London map quilt 
聖誕節要到啦!!!  Carriages in the Snow, Leavenworth, Washington. 
天呀~太舒服了吧! 
Bryna  :: Distressed Leather Hobo 
Annika Kaplan / full moon bracelet 
Some Balenciaga we can actually afford 
DR MARTENS  metallic brogue. 銀色不就是我的最愛嗎?! 
3D Nails Dots, 我可以請日安美甲幫我做這個嗎? 
Brick,  floors, the view... everything 
我預約成功了！iphone5 我來了！！
by Annie Leibovitz 
Inkkit // Black, handpainted twig pencils 
Sequin Pants. 
OMG That's Freja!! 
Christmas in Oxford Street, London 
Well tailored gray with a burst of citrus - chic 
YSL ciggys 
唉唷又是一個銀色的東西  Silver sweater  
 我覺得佳人好會唱歌喔，音很高
 我喜歡呀，可是在韓國被禁播耶
IRO KIARA CARDIGAN weave knit 
Chanel Mini 
我被GAIN洗腦了啦!!

更累的是整理完還是不知道今天要穿什麼....
整理衣櫃真的是一件很累的事。
Good Jeans: Fall's Best Denim 
Look at that BAG! 
Pyramid Hoops via @pinterest. 
Angel my bro, it is your favorite! 
 Where?
Let's Disco!!

Happy Thanksgiving....
charcoal grey wrap cardigan with silver buckle 
 所以我們要拼命求取去法國的機會!
真正在乎的事，有一次機會就會緊緊抓住。就算看不到機會，也會拼命求取，不是嗎？如果自己一直在給同一個人機會，會不會那個人根本不夠在乎？ - by 鄧惠文
  So CUTE
Even I've watched it several times, I still find it funny.
我想要新手機啦!我要及時Tweet, Line, Tumblr &amp; gmail. Q_Q
 不求人也有?!
 你去南法的時候記得在行李箱要放一隻不求人，兩個禮拜的退燒藥，皮膚過敏藥還有感冒藥啦!(南法沒有高山症)
 我告訴妳南法去兩個禮拜都逛不玩，喝酒喝到腳底癢翻
 那明天就訂機票去南法好了
Feja you are amazing!!! I LOVE U!!!!!!
96NY AD VISUAL wtih Freja Beha Erichsen:  via @youtube
Ellen的Halloween裝扮也太好笑了吧!!!!

要再勇敢一點，再無所謂一點，再放開心胸一點。
Hermes Bangle In Charcoal  Mamamiya, I WANT IT!!! 
 mmm....好三八...
Natural Wonder Bracelets  :: love the leaf 
 好多叮噹
 美！可是我想到我穿這種Loafers應該兩側會炸開
 很可怕吧！我剛剛看到這些都超美的啦！
I might be the King of Loafers 
need nude pumps 
Glitter Slipper Ballerina Shoe, £10.00, George @ ASDA 
Rebecca Minkoff Uma Flats | Rebecca Minkoff 
Photoshoot: Freja Beha Erichsen for Ninesix NY 96 FW 2012 

shack stack. My memory w/ Wen in NYC. 
Dip Dye 
總是缺一件皮衣，一雙靴子
  via @pinterest
命中注定沒有的東西就不要妄想了....
 都是香港啦！害我們潛能一直被激發。而且我真的這整個禮拜都帶便當耶超酷的我！一直逼迫柯媽果然是我的強項！
Helmut Lang Spring 2013 RTW 

Helmut Lang Sprint 2013 RTW 


Nude Pump, Must Have! 
Roasted Strawberry Buttermilk cake 
cacao nib breakfast recipes! 
U got to be kidding me!!
覺得很害怕，很害怕，很希望有人可以聽我說說話
I want to cry whenever I see the sun. Happy tears:D
I feel frustrated about my mental state. Really hope I can get well soon....
Crucial truth? Try me.
藥一顆都不能少吃
What's the point to be here?
IPHONE 5快點出啦啦啦啦！
還是要相信有陽光的地方就有希望:D
原來我的人生一直都是空的。
呼，好可怕的夢
為什麼人越靠近經期就越想喝冰啤酒呢？自找死路果然是我一貫的作風。
....今天安眠藥效力不彰; 跟爸爸聊天還是一樣覺得他很荒謬以及無知。家裡平安就好。
That was a very sad dream.
"Let The Blind Lead Those Who Can See But Cannot Feel."
如同那些預言，自食惡果中
最漂亮的一張糊掉啊，她奶奶的
今天的studio是我的！！Frank 叔叔你今天下午先去喝茶吧！
世上沒有道理的事可多了，先吞忍吧！
Fuck fuck fuck Q_Q!!!!!
丁立威的一切都令人火冒三丈，自私，whining, self-righteous.
今天暗房完全只有我一個人，真是他娘的太可怕了
What's for dinner?
心酸怎麼能說的清楚。
真的是不好受，也很不高興。
背部肌肉拉傷again
I always don't feel comfortable in graphic design classes. So annoying.
原來狗狗跟貓咪最害怕的就是主人出言威脅要丟掉，送走以及不要他們。我只能說我真的很瞭解這種心情...。不要害怕啦！還是很多人很有愛心的！！
唉...
這件事告訴我們，喝醉時會感到呼吸困難
喝醉了，好想吐喔
親愛的天父，是不是我搞錯了，我想要的是真心跟真愛，不是很多層面的真心跟愛。我不需要家人的愛，也不想要人家把我當成生命中重要的人，我要的是愛情，很單純的愛情。
我也會遇到一個願意為了我拿出一切的人的，吧？
我真的是好傻好天真，如果那些回憶都不是兩個人一起的，或許現在不會這麼失落吧
覺得好痛心，好像自己被否定了。為什麼會是“我目前沒看到我們有未來可以經營”呢？是不是我很差所以沒有未來可以跟我經營？好難過喔
最對不起的就是自己了，我都沒有好好替自己想，也都沒有為自己做一點事。別人在不好的時候當然會說他不會離開妳啊，妳都忘了在他好的時候他都沒關心過妳嗎？
真的愛我又何必要離開我？
Steve Jobs死的隔天我也死了。好想回家。
內心喊話ing, 不可以再讓別人treat you like dirt.
原來不開心的回憶都會一起來。難過的感覺趁我不注意的時候竟然悄悄吞噬我。我不應該再繼續忍耐默不做聲，我應該要保護自己，為了自己勇敢一點。人生的下一個目標除了努力工作，還要找到一個真正愛我的另一半，建立一個真正屬於自己的家。
如果回去以後，你又用那種令人難受的語氣問我到底在學什麼，上什麼課，我該怎麼回答呢？如果你又露出得意的笑容，想攻擊我的言語對我落井下石，我又該怎麼面對這一切呢？ 現在我還沒有一個解答，但是我想我必須要先讓自己堅強，先讓自己壯大。
我振作不起來阿，每次被你這樣以後我都振作不起來，我真的好恨，我好想大罵你，我真的也很想羞辱你，很想讓你難堪，很想讓你跟我一樣一直哭，讓你知道我的心情，讓你知道我有多痛苦，讓你知道為什麼晚上我都睡不好。可是我不行，因為我知道這樣做事情不會好轉，什麼時候我才可以真正拒絕讓你情緒勒索？
