VIXX“人气不振因为EXO?没有EXO的话…”
 
CNBLUE to make a comeback in February

 
Bada shows off friendship with Lee Da-hae

 
LG：“土豪金”已过时 马年“亮骚红”NEXUS 5将大热
 
BTOB promotes comeback with 'Beep Beep' set

 
Rain to release repackaged album with new track "I Love You"

 
李敏镐的“长腿欧巴”称号的真正所有者是…？
 
PSY and Snoop Dogg take a snapshot at a public bath

 
全智贤：“《来自星星的你》人气火爆是因为…？“
 
B1A4's Baro transforms into a handsome pilot

 
《爸爸去哪儿》出演宝贝，晒与EXO合影…  
 
EXO鹿晗、世勋、黄子韬 、张艺兴春节返韩机场谍照！

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
“EXO粉丝一辈子也不能用的面膜！”  
  
“EXO粉丝一辈子也不能用的面膜！”  
  
《来自星星的你》14集预告！暗示男女主会在一起？
 
B.A.P releases album "First Sensibility" and MV "1004 (Angel)"

 
SHINee's Jonghyun makes debut as DJ

 
EXO to hold their first event in Japan 

 
Girl's Day Sojin takes a cute picture with her name card

 
Kakao Talk，进入“最佳创新手机软件”最终候补名单
 
Bae Doo-na and Jim Sturgess spotted together in Seoul

 
SNSD's Taeyeon becomes a painter

 
Gary makes a cameo appearance on "Emergency Couple"

 
Girl's Day：与其他女团的不同之处是…？ 
 
李敏镐春晚表现获“差评”？
 
CNBLUE go romantic in blue tuxedos

 
Wonder Girls惠林，脸部变化大被疑整容？
 
小沈阳、天天撞脸金秀贤？！网友：“男神原来是大众脸…”
 
“长腿欧巴”李敏镐春晚后新代言 粉丝：“为男神，以后只做济州航空！”
 
史上最雷整形广告：哈林一秒钟变李敏镐？！
 
SISTAR's Soyou and hip hop vocal JungGiGo form duet unit

 
Rainbow BLAXX unveils sexy performance for 'CHA CHA' on Inkigayo

 
Girl's Day celebrate their win for 'Something'

 
Lee Young-ae opens her daily life 

 
SECRET's Hyosung perfectly performs cheerleading stunt 

 
Who are the top 3 richest celebrities in real estate?

 
男子偶像组合的美男TOP10榜单 EXO垫底？！
 
Davichi姜敏京，瘦身美颜的秘诀是…？
 
Lee Yoo-bi sings 'Let It Go' from movie 'Frozen'

 
“2014最值期待属马明星”EXO鹿晗，比河正宇还要…？
 
KARA's Han Seung-yeon updates fans from Philippines 

 
《我是歌手》周笔畅撞衫《来自星星的你》全智贤？！原因是… 
 
《来自星星的你》朴正雅与f(x)宋茜撞脸…谁照谁整傻傻分不清楚？  
  
金秀贤的现实生活邻居曝光，不是全智贤而是…？
 
EXO，春节都是怎么过的…？

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
李敏镐，春晚后台与郭采洁亲密合影？
 
美女笑星金智敏，穿着EXO校服是因为…？
 
《春晚》大吐槽：“EXOKris的毛衫穿在了郝建的身上?!”
 
Han Seung-yeon and Hong Jong-hyun shoot poster for "Her Lovely Heels"... 
INFINITE's L to star in upcoming drama 

 
AOA presents rice cake gifts for staff

 
BTOB announces comeback with teaser image

 
Actress Kim Soo-hyun cast in 'Avengers 2'

 
PSY and  pose creatively for a photo

 
Krystal shows off her slender legs and flawless skin

 
SHINee's Jonghyun rumored to be dating actress Lee Yoo-bi 

 
湖南卫视《元宵喜乐会》邀请Crayon Pop 观众不买账因为…
 
《来自星星的你》除夕夜停播？！原因是…
 
Kim Woo-bin confirmed for upcoming caper movie 'The Technicians'... 
Ha Ji-won reveals the secret to her abs 

 
Lee Seung-gi promoting Korean beef 

 
中媒：李敏镐与朴信惠密交2个月…惹怒李敏镐！
 
Yoo Ah-in and Jung Yoo-mi team up for new Korean animation

 
Park Hae-jin greets fans for the Lunar New Year


I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
G-Dragon shows off his Chanel jacket 


Ga In unveils teaser for "Fxxx U" starring Joo Ji-hoon

 
"The Heirs" co-stars, Lee Min-ho and Park Shin-hye deny dating rumors 
"Man from the Stars" Park Hae-jin shines in BTS photos

 
Sunny updates fans with her adorable pictures

 
Kim Min-jung shows off her innocent charm 

 
Suzy and Gong Yoo at 'Sharing Hope &amp; Fund Raising' event

 
AOA unveils extended cut MV for 'Miniskirt'

 
Park Yoochun holds a New Year fan meeting with 1000 Japanese fans... 
Crayon Pop为出镜，推倒少女时代？！引众愤…
 
Crayon Pop accused of pushing Girls' Generation's Sunny?

 
Gary gets jealous at Siwan in 'Running Man'

 
与EXO Suho-伯贤一起搭档主持《人气歌谣》的女MC是…？
 
白智英，听全智贤版的《像中枪一样》后评价…？
 
卢洪哲：“与EXO亲如兄弟” 但因为…露馅？
 
EXO鹿晗，“音乐风云榜”上获“最佳男友奖”因为…？ 
 
《来自星星的你》，新生植物暗示happy ending?
 
李敏镐，广州街头拍广告,代言…？！
 
Baek Ji-young praises Jun Ji-hyun's singing


I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
EXO's Showtime reaches its highest viewer rating

 
JYJ's Jaejoong at brand launching event 

 
Shinhwa to hold concert in March without Andy

 
′Emergency Couple′ Choi Jin-hyuk and Song Ji-hyo have a passionate kiss... 
Girl′s Day′s Minah shows off her unique bag 

 
Nine Muses′ Kyungri says ″Being sexy is easier for me″

 
Lee Min-ho becomes the next face of Taobao 

 
EXO's Suho reveals his special relationship with Yoon Jong-shin

 
Yoo Min-sang, Kim Joon-hyun, and Sam Hammington make cameos in Lee Min-woo's MV... 
Jackie Chan talks about his private jet on 'Happy Together'

 
Song Ji-hyo gets drunk for 'Emergency Couple'

 
Ahn Jae-hyun promotes 'Man from the Stars'

 
Son Ga-in, Ha Ji-won, and Kang Ye-won are 'The Huntresses'

 
Baro says, "Don't date anyone" to Dohee

 
Rain and Tae Jin-ah to collaborate on music shows

 
"Three Days" releases stills of Park Yuchun training


I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Ha Ji-won takes a snapshot with Ga In 

 
Kim Soo-hyun's drinking habits revealed

 
SHINee Taemin graces the cover of GEEK


I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
TEEN TOP's Ricky and Changjo take on a mature look 

 
Guardian praises G-Dragon and Taeyang as real global stars of Paris Fashion Week... 
Nicole's mother is looking for a new agency? Nicole denies rumor... 
SISTAR′s Hyolyn lends her voice for ′Man From the Stars′ 

 
SM vs JYP三大美女，胜者是…？
 
Park Bo-young reveals Lee Jong-suk has attention-phobia

 
TEEN TOP's Niel shows off martial arts skills 

 
苹果头“李敏镐”？连粉丝都分辨不出的撞脸…
 
Han Ji-min takes a friendly snapshot with Jung Jae-young 

 
Hyun Bin starring "The King's Wrath" reveals poster and trailer... 
Koyote returns with '1999'

 
SISTAR's Dasom reveals she eats one meal a day

 
Go Ara updates fans on her life

 
2NE1 reveals SF teaser video for 'All Or Nothing'

 
Ga In to make a comeback with 'Truth or Dare'

 
EXO to reveal its practice room on 'EXO's Showtime'

 
′Emergency Couple′ holds press conference 

 
Seohyun and Kyuhyun kiss for ′The Moon That Embraces the Sun′ 

 
Han Hye-jin becomes an alluring goddess for 'One Warm Word'

 
DSP Media denies Jiyoung's relationship with Gunil

 
EXO Lay, “被其他队员冷落”？
 
Rainbow BLAXX performing 'ChaCha' at a showcase


I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Lee Seung-gi poses with 'Nunas Over Flowers' in charismatic pictorial


I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
《来自星星的你》穿帮镜头太明显…？！
 
冯小刚：“请李敏镐上春晚是‘特别订制’！”
 
EXO各台春晚时间表出炉！湖北卫视、上海卫视、北京卫视…
 
GOT7 thanks fans for love and support

 
Girl′s Day惠利，晕倒在舞台因为…？
 
INFINITE reveals 'Color of Infinite' project

 
2NE1 drops teaser images of CL and Park Bom for ′All Or Nothing′... 
SJ崔始源，打败EXO鹿晗 入选“世界男神”？
 
"The Attorney" becomes the 9th film to bring 10 million viewers... 
《爸爸去哪儿》第二季，柳镇儿子酷似KIMI?
 
Park Hyung-sik takes a photo in celebration of ZE:A′s 4th debut anniversary... 
IU greets fans with her cute selca

 
Lee Min-ho successfully finishes his global tour

 
《爸爸去哪儿》智雅不喜欢厚的原因是…？
 
EXO，演唱黄晓明主演《锦绣缘》OST…由望客串出演？
 
Taeyeon takes a lovely picture with her mother

 
李敏镐，粉丝中找到理想型？  
  
全智贤，深夜短信引发网友共鸣！内容是…？
 
G-Dragon：“BigBang成功都是因为…？”
 
EXO，2014年新年愿望分别是…？  
 
成龙，撞脸徐庆锡？！ 徐庆锡是何人…
 
央视证实：李敏镐登春晚舞台 与庾澄庆搭档的原因是…？
 
INFINITE to have their own reality TV show, ″This Is Infinite″ 

 
Jackie Chan and Choi Siwon attend 'Police Story 2014' promotion event... 
Suzy reveals lovely pictorial for Valentine's Day 

 
'Infinite Challenge' to fly to Brazil for 2014 World Cup 

 
YG Family holds world tour with PSY, Big Bang, and 2NE1!

 
Heyne shows her cute wink in new photo 

 
EXO and PSY win Daesang at Golden Disk Awards 

 
TVXQ wins no.1 with 'Something'

 
Tiny-G's Dohee unveils her short blonde hairstyle

 
Kim Jung-hoon at ′Wild Dogs′ press preview 

 
2NE1 reveals teaser images of Sandara Park and Minzy for 'ALL OR NOTHING'... 
Taeyeon and Tiffany show off their pure beauty

 
4minute to participate in Brave Brothers' 10th anniversary album... 
Girl's Day's Hyeri faints on stage

 
Still cut of PSY's upcoming MV featuring Snoop Dogg revealed

 
EXO chosen as one of '14 Artists to Watch in 2014' by Billboard... 
李敏镐经典台词，成相亲“秘密武器”？  
  
全智贤，出道15年第一次拍吻戏？！  
 
GOT7 reveals music video for 'Girls Girls Girls'

 
Topp Dogg performs at comeback showcase for "Arario ToppDogg"

 
李敏镐，最自卑的是…？
 
"Reply 1994" Son Ho-joon picks Baro as the most handsome member... 
Jiyoung updates fans with a photo

 
Heechul and Guo Xue Fu begin filming for 'We Got Married Global Edition'... 
EXO灿烈，告别《丛林的法则》取而代之的是…？
 
Yunho performs the cutie player

 
EXO鹿晗，入选“中国5大男神”？都是谁…？
 
Kim Soo-hyun convinced Jun Ji-hyun to star in 'Man From the Stars'... 
PSY and Snoop Dogg spotted shooting MV together

 
美女体操孙妍在，自曝是EXO粉丝？！
 
EXO签名会取消，场面无法控制因为…？
 
女歌手JUNIEL，“和EXO互发短信”和KAI关系匪夷所思？
 
EXO′s Suho becomes the ideal church boy for ′Prime Minister and I′... 
AOA reveals individual cuts of ChoA &amp; Hyejung from 'Miniskirt' MV... 
