是不是一开始你所追随的歌手，每一张专辑都勾勒出一段故事? 
外婆难得说。。"不好看，再拍一张!" 哈哈 
非常之喜欢这张照片。check out all the smiles 
RT : 成功的人，就是比別人多做一點點，他們從沒放棄希望，他們相信只要多走一小步，成功的機會就比別人多，因為他們多付出了一些，所以能與眾不同。

 你，也行！只要敢想，就有機會！
Go 2k14 after work!
Hang out with besties 
Long time nvr wake up so early
爱本是泡沫，若能看破，有什么难过?
Tmd...cant sleep
My lovely family.(少了妹妹) 
Seems like my wisdom tooth is dragging my steps t9 achieve.
She remind me of my resolution this year.lol
快九年了。。上一张精选辑&lt;知足&gt;。专辑封面很巧妙的引用了九年前的概念。小女孩长大了，阿信，玛莎，怪兽，石头，冠佑也成熟了。。2005年的我，拥有什么?失去什么?… 
生病得坚强。。好久没这感受了
早睡，快乐后的失落 
在车上开演唱会 ing.  大爱 #五月天 
Seriously..my manager..u r one hell of a biatch
My body hurts like fcked.. post basketball symptons
Handsome cousins getaway .LOL 
 niceeeeee
 wat fon u usin? Mine note 2 not as smooth as b4..when 4.4 comin??
 yeap..u download.oredi? How isit
 note 2. Hehe
Love android latest update..fresh
Love my house, likes to sit down on doorstep, read some book and watch the dark sky. This is just too… 
#throwback . I miss my mom in workplace. MINDYYYYYY 
今天一整天,参观了学校,陪孩子们唱歌,踢球,学习,玩乐。。回到酒店,现在快累趴了。。不过,真的很有意义,从新加坡决定来柬埔寨定居教学的一家五口,是多么的勇敢的。我们还有什么借口不去帮助人呢?… 
Pls call us teacher KK and teacher DJ. 
背影 
帅气阳光二人组要去拯救世界了。哈 (虽然一个在发烧) 
I can smile a little more sing a little more feel a little more
我!收!到!了! All the way from Taiwan! 然后直接在一小时内给它给组装起来(当然不是我装,我身边有很强的艺术家,虽然她把我一个零件弄丢,一个音符洞打错) 哈哈! 谢谢你!… 
致四年前的你 -其实还爱着你,其实还想着你。 啊我就是大笨钟
第二学期在吞了四颗panadol和手指被考试折腾的几乎要瘫痪后正式结束。。2013 好像也要尾声了。 期待两天后的小小圆梦之旅,会是为这一年化上一个美丽句点的旅程。 
最后一天的冲刺! 
考试快要逼疯了我 考试快要逼疯了我 考试快要逼疯了我 考试快要逼疯了我 考试快要逼疯了我 考试快要逼疯了我 考试快要逼疯了我 
曾经我也以为,有你我就足够
My Scandal on 2007. Check out her scandalicious face. #throwback LOL 
Nice outing with chong again..and guess wat.. 10 years since i last seen Mel! So nice to see her… 
Thanks my dear therapist who bought me this.. need to be an owl and catch night rats oredi #gambatte 
A little piece of advice by my jiu jiu.. Lol 
RT : Here is the World Cup Draw in full, all 8 Groups.

#WCDraw 
2014 coming. Tons of resolution to be made 
One down.. thank god
熬下去,权,熬下去
How many years oredi since we last seen each other...gosh! I miss this 38 po. 
从来没想过我可以动到这只马。。我只是,沾点光,过个瘾,然后替这部电影感动,开心。。光荣。。 
Okay. Ready to shave, build up, and pack my bag. Better tomorrow! 
打开了好久没启动的电脑想要做功课的说。。不由自主的点击相薄来翻阅回忆。。看到了些不想看的回忆,可是却在这张停留了好久一直微笑傻笑。。那是2009年。。圣诞后的故乡。。转眼间,快四年了啊。。转眼间,外公不在身… 
Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboat 
哇靠,管它三七二十一还是三八二十四,2318,照跑! 
Today spent the whole day to stock up my house, swept and mopped the floor,washed and rinsed my… 
虽然跑到批头散发,跑到上气不接下气,跑到想直接横尸街头,虽然还是跑不赢这个老。。,啊不是,是资深的铁肺怪兽。。但,跑步是件很热血的事啊!加油! 
Hell yeah! #rolemodel 
What is feelin great is tge fact that you are executing actions for your dreams 
哇靠。。太久没回家,却能吃到客家家乡菜,未免太幸福了吧?重点是,超级无敌煞到的好吃! 
Very sleepy
One of the very first few steps to transform my house. #housedeco #kingkong #whatsnext 
上上星期大哥的留言。。妈的是肉麻的罗。。不过我的眼泪很不争气的流下来。。它,是我放下的原因之一。。 
而我听见下雨的声音~
Good night world
越来越觉得自己像谢安真
RT : 有些事，有些话，
藏在心里，说不出口。。。 
《想你就写信》podcast 已上载，即刻点击收听！ 
My weekends are not enough for me to spend!!!
去书局看到这本书,二话不说买下,回家翻了第二夜,猛然醒觉。。。。 wkong8 ...我是不是即将从你手中接过第二本??? 
或者说,减少期待,就不会那么失望了
家居式的火锅聚会。。感恩。。真的。。其实,我很幸福。 会努力让自己生活更好的。。就像那首歌,时间会等我,他问我冬天过去没。 
So tired....after 3 km jog..wtf
文鸿大哥拍了这张照片,说。是时候换照片了。。全新的开始。。干弟弟说,爸爸昨天叫他帮他撤下手机上他们三个人的合照。。其实,我身边,不匮乏什么。。就只是寂寞稍微来打扰了 
放弃。。只是想让我知道当时她的感受吧。。
How sweet 
我们的歌曲,不能说的秘密
我身边,天使,聚集
文鸿哥说的对。。。是时候创造新的回忆了
排排坐,长颈鹿吃果果 
Have some beers.. 
RT : RT  人常说：解脱难。其实解脱并不难，只要你肯放下执着，当下就解脱，不是吗？
别指望我了解,别指望我体会
爱不是注定要填你的缺
好久没在脸书打字打的这么快了
谢谢你。。。真诚谢谢你 
Did many stupid things   just allow me to do so at this pt of time
责怪没有用。。因为没有醒悟的思维, 会像一个圈子绕。。我看开了。。权,你有给彼此机会,只是,老天爷需要你摆脱活在小我的世界。。它要你在还没掉入之前伸手拉你。。。。非常感恩。。会痛,是因为那漩涡的荆棘已经刺伤你了,你需要努力才能握紧抓住你的手,让它救赦你。。
我很勇敢的把一切都删除了。。我不留痕迹也不留证据。。因为这样的我。。只是为了赢。。我不想在这里赢。。因为灵性的存在告诉我,现在的你,是一个慢慢放弃小我。。让时间痊愈的赢家了。。我会做到的
背叛。。游戏人间
Haven touch my GTA and barely play Fifa 14 yet.. NBA is just too addictive.. missing   for the companion.
Life is wonderful,work,studies,home with a match of nba2k14 everday..
Life is a journey. #homedeco #makeitmeaningful #homenothouse 
Gardens by the bay 
Tiring day . But i had fun!
Wen hong and me =) 
A day off at home. #nba2k14 time! 
RT : Face: *smiling* 

Head: fuck you
Thanks Gf's brother for this gift. Love it! #derrickrose 
A lot of things to learn from him. Hopefully have the opportunities
Had a beer session with the most popular dj in singapore wen hong.. somehow a role model for me.. sarcasticly funny yet kind hearted..
Haha weird experience..hopefully i can get used to it
Today gona have some beer session with celebrity. So gan jiong
Purely showing off to guan142  hahahah 
RT : "Mom,can I wear a dress?" "No" "Mom can I wear makeup?" "No" "Mom,can I have a boyfriend?" "No" "But mom, I'm 18!" "I …
Hate it when shoppin while wearing coat..ppl thought i am service assistant.. 90 percent without failed
Enjoy some football, play some awesome games, meet some fabulous friends. Life is good.
Tonight very hopeful to play my GTA,NBA and PES!!!
How do you feel when you actually befriend famous celebrity/DJ?? LOL
RT : 所謂路遙知馬力，日久見人心。很多時候，當你認識一位你認為很值得交往的朋友，日子久了，熟悉以後，你就並不這認為了...
RT : 我不是特讨人喜爱 我不是特聪明也只是刚好看得顺眼 在大众里我显得多么渺小 从来不出色不引人注目，那又怎样。我有自己的好朋友 欣赏我的人 最爱我的家人那就好了，不想再稀罕那么多了 越在意越伤心。
People who pretended they know so much abt particular activity/issue in fact they dont..ishhhhhh
Du lan
Im in extremely good mood today. Cohesiveness in work, Greatness in LFC game, Comfort at home.
Planning to go Thailand for a religious(shopping) trip in November
Tired..still haven reach home
I really really really really love my house.
RT : If you watch the Harlem Shake backwards, it's a video about a guy who parties longer than everyone else.
This week Naruto manga is so boring..
One of weekends joy is to enjoy Liverpool!~~
RT : iOS 7 update. Ok, the icons look a bit different.... What else?
 haha 2 - 2.. good match
 ok lets watch it today and see how it goes!! Lol
 yoojin y u support Swansea?? Today they are against with my Liverpool!!
Hahahahhahhahaahha i cant stop laffin. Hahahahahhhha
 im in singapore cant rush there..but HELLLLLLLOOOOOO Tony! Well Done QPR. Hope to see ya in EPL next season. #ynwa
I despise those ppl who give up frenship because of relationship/opposite sex. #despicable
 how r u? Haha
 wow yoojin!
   haha .. it was a good catch up. Nex time bring me go budget trip to bkk/kor! 
2 rounds of basketball in 2 days. Badminton on thursday. I feel painfully good!
Raining at this pt of time..grrrrr. nevertheless. I enjoyed the singing session with   
Let me check how long have i disappeared from twitter?
RT : If  sign #Özil, i will run around the block naked in a wild, #Tatanka like fashion, screaming #GETINTHEREMYSON over …
 my favourite player in fm
 lets hope LFC sign Arda Turan &amp; Eriksen then.
 i really tot he mean it.lol
谢安真,你会遇到你的花椰菜的。。
很久没哭了。。。
 i think too late..lol
Never knw Gucci bag can be that expensive
Someday, you will become the person you want to be. 
School work is like v chimology
World War Z. It puzzled me that Bradd Pitt decide to take this movie but yea he coped pretty well..A… 
World War Z &amp; White House Down!
 yeap new hse in jb! Am thinkin to host a house warming perhaps nex month..free to come? Wid ping perhaps
A sneak peak at the dining corner of my new hse..cozy right? Love it. 
 like a saudi arabia's genting..im havin serious headache
Awesome June i have so far. Looking for my 2nd need in Maslow theory to be done =)
你无法想象,五月天带给我的启发与感动。。他们就是我心目中的披头四!今年,值得! 
 not good?
RT : Life is weird. You can go from being strangers. To being friends. To being more than friends. To being pratically stranger…
只喜欢你笑容,所以不用想太多 。 #端午节快乐
蹲,小僵尸蹲,小僵尸蹲;再蹲。
Ios 7? Hmmmmmm looks familiar...wait, isnt that my note 2 operating system?
 yea.. i really like him..didnt change a bit. Except for his confidence. Gf said :自信的男人最帅!
Cant wait for his new movie -Rooftop! (In which he sang 2 of the movie songs, which creates more anticipation!)
In terms of how he use his voice..his live performance are exceptional..its a shame that Sg fans are a bit cold, not passionate enuff
Gf said she prefer Lee Hom concert . I disagree, Jay's performance is better ,if not, as good as Lee Hom one
Cant imagine i am involved in heavy work load + hectic school life. Yet i need some time to get myself some entertainment.
Jay done. Next - Mayday!
RT : Getting angry at people when we listen to them breathing or eating is called Misophonia, which is an actual brain diso…
你就是海滩下的那Ukelele.
Fa so la si do..fa fa fa....fa chai ah!! 
@QueenieeeOng y emo
Pressure is the only thing i feel now.
 official?manager not confirmed yet
 heard Liverpool interested in him too
RT : I think I've fallen in hate with you.
In terms of security comfort zone when i intend to share my more privacy life to ppl. Instagram &gt; Twitter &gt; Facebook
Do you deserved the title of "friend"?? Hmmmmm
This is crazy crazy football summer..
My dear gonna screw me upside down becoz i bought the first row movie ticket for the hangover part 3. Lol
外公。现在的你,在看报纸吗? 
听卢广仲的歌去上班真是神清气爽啊
This kind of music can make me sleep
Walao
Four leafs tiger! My zodiac! Much love from my therapists! 
Its Toureeeeee to apologize, its Toureeeeeee #lfc
我笑到抽筋RT @QueenieeeOng: 看running man會笑到喉嚨很痛
Life is all about obstacles, its how you handled them that determined who you are.
Just by imagining i wont be implementing a long vacation plan for at least 16 months are slowly killing me...urrrggghhh
A new start
Star Trek: into the darkness.. its been a while since i last catched a movie in theatre. It doesnt… 
@QueenieeeOng hello, you re really pretty =}
Ok here i am acting cute.. 
Wootz #GoPacers
发现得了whatsapp恐慌症。。所到之处都非得要有网络供应。。可悲 
外公,一年了,还是真的舍不得下你啊。。 
Adam Adli, proud of you
 a lot of places in malaysia blackout..my kampong has warriors. So we won
In my land,power is earned by bangla and blackout RT  In my land, power is earned by birthright
 i see..meet winnie up?yea im goin both..1 free tic 1 buy myself..lok
 r u comin for mayday/jay concert?
Came back from loyang dua bek gong.  Hope to clean my soul and my mind. HUAT AH
Arrrrggggghhhhh fck it..just keep pursuing
Whats behind the smile?where should i head to? Lost... 
Gals ah gals...politics ah politics
Mom is alwayz the silent washing machine.
3人行,必有我(未来)岳父 
Day 3- chemical face peel 
 some Chelsea fans think Sturidge is shit..pathetic.
 haha i cant sleep too..chillax n find me sometimes!
At this point of time..cant believe i am still prawning. #iworkonweekends
