 同病相怜 T.T
 I'm lean with muscles, not thin with bones lehh
 ...uh wat r u implying am I all bones lol
 wow u more than me I am always 60
shit 2 hrs also haven't finished 1 hmwrk. progress damn slow
 lol tat one troll post la, I btr delete it in case more ppl misunderstand
没想过 摩托车也会死火
Wasting time again
  wat abt me can I join haha
A good read, and advice for ur Life Game

  size is the same I think...except Big Mac. But still Burger Kings have more flavor than mcd
 absolutely better than mcd
Shit 1 sleep and my day gone
i dunwana sleep
In a mood for confession now. Should i confess to everyone in twitter abt how i feel towards them?
 essay writing?
 no go jusco?
 i dun have school today
My clothing so fail
Its so sad why Burger King has such few customers its food way better than mcdonalds
Burger king for breakie &lt;3
 lailo joinus
So many grammar error in chem text argh behtahan aaaa!!!
 whr gt no nice! those ppl just cnt accept the changes Valve made to the game, they still stuck to the past
 come play Dota 2 better
 so what's ur JC?
  rawr
 I feel that boys and girls are 2 big separate  grps...unlike my prev classes where we are a big family tgt no matter the gender
 TQ! But still I think my relationship with the other gender in class arent that good
  why watch me
 ur own hougong
  I need sm1 who is more influential to the entire class...yeeting leh.If not only the usual ones will reply to me
 maybe if you are the one asking...more will join
I realised that ppl who reply to my posts are dominantly males T_T "男"人缘太旺了 bleghh
 but sadly its kinda blurry for me now, wanting to read it again. And now this good news of a movie abt it comes just in time
 a must read, I still rmb tat time I borrowed it during form 2 at school. It also taught me german swear words haha
 okie jom lets find a time! Kinda curious abt the movie, because one of the selling points of the book is the authors writing
RT : Learn how to get better google search results  
 waaaaaat the book thief is on cinemas? Never knew that! My fav book ever
That moment when I realised my cousin sister is called Lok Xin Yu #wat
 Baibai now gl for your first day in singapore! And also every day after
I missed old guns in movies that go pewpew!
Wat day of the week is it exactly i lost track
   jiome
I wanted to update my blog, but everytime I open the comp I started playing games sry
 Never mispronounce a famous quote like this one lol...btw where did it originate from again?
 it should be "You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become a villain"
 sadly I'm at kuantan now
My mother's hometown is so different compared to my father's.
唉今年没钱赌
  Im more curious about how will u answer them haha
 mine never do that, izit good or bad
 I wanna go too, but dunno can or not
捞蔬菜水果鱼生果然是最棒的！
  wats that
马运亨通！
A little bit of wine worked wonders for my sore throat
Checking my message log...8000 in two months haha
祝贺新年快乐！
  I agree if u know my address ;)
 why you're in Perak de
 rule breaker
哇姥6岁小孩玩fps like a boss pro kia
大团圆饭咯！
 "I'm a born leader"
 wat u did tat weiqu us
Face to face with a bat
One Ring to Rule Them All ad lol 
 You should try out Burial at Sea!
 Because I'm sue we'll meet again, so there's no need for farewells.
  lolz
 okie
RT : 坤成中学第58届高三毕业生新春MV －新年最重要 A music video specially made by the Senior 3 Photography team of Kuen Cheng High! http://t.co/7T…
 aiya sad didnt see
Wa really nice Kuen Cheng New Year MV got thousands of views in less than a day (y)
So rushing back hometown,no chance to watch that embarrassing vid wif classmates  got cry?
 come mid valley now lar
Oh just a car accident lucky its near no need jam so long. But should i be happy for this
Shit liao jam near my house gonna be late
 stay here
 yours meh?
 I 1 yr only nia
 heard this quote again...so...
 I tot u know ady, but anyways I very alu u come join us cheongk 6-10pm at Gardens with MeiTing them, if u want come
迄今为止，我所认识到最厉害的老师，还是我初三坤成的陈陆东师。他不仅对物理课程内的范围了如指掌，他也真的对物理有所深入的见解，不象其他老师那样，课本说什么就只教什么。或许当年我的认识还很少，遇少见“奇”，但他的教导为我物理垫下了稳固的基础啊
  I feel that im treated differently, why?
很想让人家帮忙明天gather人去唱K，所以有谁？
 6 30
   lol imma joking but yeah lets plan one
 hi
  ...okay, (._.)
Shit now only back home and so many homework
Tmd tired from all those donation mongering work
Yawn
still not sleeping and studying mech ==
Omg i hope nth happens later
Pub with MT gang!
Farewell Mei Ting!
 just started Bioshock, so not sure if any more similarities between the 2. is Bioshock 2 also the same?
涂振兴的恐吓，啊啊啊啊啊！
Actually im not exactly sure why am i taking motor lessons. Just taking for the sake of taking
 ever read Ueki PLUS? it's just as good as the main series
 now i rly know wat elizabeth was saying abt lighthouses,man and city when i started playing the game whr it all begun:Bioshock
 anyone else going with u? u say wait whr, I can go
 can fetch me tmr?
  yorr can't believe some1 is still using animator in this day and age......for wat lol?
 everyday i see u say sleepy ady
“: 7 great video game rap songs you probably haven't heard  || ” 
When he's facing impossible odds, you gave readers hope.
Then you cruelly took it away.
After the readers had given up, the hope resurfaces.
finished re-reading The Law of Ueki! my fav series ever
I have evolved. Now I not only see everyone as neutral regardless of their actions towards me, I started seeing the beauty in each person.
 I see all, and I know all.
 let's see if my friend same school with u or not...lol. he haven't receive any news yet.
 what for? u can just treat it as a pre-assessment test
  shit me same playing ipad
 today just 发威 in test because our 功课 simply do...and he still says its only "刀片", meaning still far from his true colors ==
 not to regret, because u ady knew u will have this consequences. so u need to get info from (a lot!)various ppl b4 choosing.
 ytd an ex student told me:b4 making choices, think about all pros and cons of each choices, then decide which u want so as..
 yea it's waaaaay easier
  他讲的话真的操集冷
 我看吸引人的就只是男女之间的
 pls tell me it's all objective
 wow! where to get one?
 怎么样玩得我不太懂
RT : Who needs spoons when you’ve got subs? 
Im so sad that most pictures my friends took with me in it end up forever locked in their hp &amp; I cant get to see them TT I want memories too
 gambate!
Oioioi no tweet liao bb need study
 I gg liao just do my best, my math actually not really pro at all
 better study other areas too like trigo and alge
  wat sexy mind
  hairy lips ermaihgawdwhatamithinking
  not harry?
What if I create twitter account name with 139 characters. Then all ppl could do is mention me:"@ 139xblabla" oh 140 characters alrdy shit
  imagining HAHAHA
RT : 解读坤成埃及电梯 
 u guys so casual like hell
  外遇！？
  Hermione Loo
  btw, u know what I did if tmr the class condition still remains the same
  actually that miss call because I chg my mind after I press call, I decided I can just ask u tmr
  lol yea Ginny Weasley you haven't give me my autograph LOL
Shit mega jam stand for 1 hr
开学酱久了我头脑还转不回来，思考问题还是太慢了
 details  of Neon Run?
有多少人能够珍惜今天放学后我所做的事
Sometimes the 1st step is harder than the whole journey;A dead end will stop if u stop trying;Look back, and u'll notice how far u've gone.
I'm back to my old habits
 Then why were everyone speaking English lol. Everyone thought college-goers only speak English as if higher class.
以后我要把背挺直地坐着，可赶走鱼
RT : Get imba. RT and follow us for a chance to win a Razer Naga &amp;  PPK. 
Before i forgot...冤枉啊啊啊lmh
Constants and variables??? Why would Bioshock Infinite talk about maths lol
oh yea  
  dun be badbad a so small already wanting to lepak
 why so pessimistic, r u forced in ur class?
Walao chengda so vastly different(read:hard) to our normal syllabus and yet strikingly familiar
My ag blank
  waa 2 days and already 3 ppl sick. Year of the Horse really brought so much pressure on us Rats and Pigs
 what a way to nullify every crazy thing that happened in Columbia
 not me force him drink de la, he accidentally drank when no one watching. Everyone laugh when seeing his actions afterwards
Wth everyone become so active at twitter at night. Notification like harry potter mail!
 omg that ending so crazy tho in a way i did guessed
 自卑。
 I'm sick of killing Lunatics.
 he sendiri drank a bit from a can on the table when we r not watching...so funny he walked like so tipsy turvy
 when u grow up, u realize that some things become less important,and u start diverting attention to other stuffs. dats lazines
 wat eww
 ur "lol" means what? means u alrd given up izit?
Lol so funny and cute when a toddler drank beer
  wow so sacrifice much impressed
Omg bad year for Rats this yr. Really bad.
 my grandpa same high school with him, that is chong hwa guozhong. had gathering dinner
Haha my family relatives had dinner with yetiansong ytd
 不是啦是日本的痛文化
New ironing board kekeke now easier ironing whew
我要痛雨伞，痛铅笔盒，痛手表，痛手机壳，统统痛！
原来光导纤维那么便宜
Let me go, let me go, i just want to stay at home. Let me go, let me go, go away, leave me alone~!
 XD
: mgh=1/2mv^2 ;2gh=v^2; v^2=u+2gh, where u=0
Cant imagine some ppl usually sleep at 1 when im so tired at 11 ady
Holidays:200 notifications. School:15.
  optics fukin had lik hel
 boooooooojio!
  nah, he's enjoying the festivities at Batu Caves
Face to face with najib!
Ktm filled with indians
Passing thru the place whr i ran b4 in a marathon, the memories kept flowing back
 kehchun is the most intelligent then
 why so?
 jio both then lol
no shit mode
总觉得我的行为更随便了，搞砸许多事
Not in the mood today
 be thankful
The sudden realization of the reality I am in, and how far have I fallen behind
Haha印度歌很好听TT
Help me tell teacher 
Im stranded
