RT : 【小提琴家参加冬奥会】
在新加坡出生的英籍华裔小提琴家陈美(Vanessa Mae)，将代表泰国参加2014年2月，在俄罗斯索契举行的冬奥会障碍滑雪比赛。
陈美上周末在斯洛文尼亚参加了四次出线赛，以极其微弱的优势赢得了出线权。 http://t.c…
RT : Time for a TWITTERCHART!!!
Payrolls growth since Jan 2012:
█▅▆▂▂▁▃▃▃▅▅▅▄▇▃▅▄▅▃▅▃▆▇▁▂
Unfriendly human-created intelligence from SMBC  via 
Islamic Rule and the Empowerment of the Poor and Pious  via 
February 05, 2014  via 
RT : 14,000 HD images of the French Revolution now available online | French Revolution Digital Archive,  http://t.co/dqpIA…
RT : "Wake up and live." #inspiration #explore 
The Perfect Way to Hold a Hamburger, Proven by Science 
RT : The Hitmen: new study of contract killing in Britain finds the average cost of a hit is £15,180, or approx $25,000. http:…
RT : Der evil one, he-who--say-must-naad-be-named, recruitin new minion from all der vurld. To battle!! https:/…
RT : Members of the BSO recall favorite moments and memories of working with Claudio Abbado. Thank you, Maestro. http://t.co…
Dead people’s respect for the Australian Journal of Parapsychology  via 
告别打口时代：中国摇滚乐与城市青年文化  via 
RT : Is this the most Guardian quiz ever?   (take it and let us know your scores)
RT : With her #AusOpen title, Li Na proved herself one of the great champions of the Open era, writes : 
People who are agreeable are more agreeable than people who aren’t  via 
My twitter account was hacked... Sorry folks!
The Too Much Information Age  via 
 lifehacker介绍贵公司的新功能  …
 lifehacker介绍贵公司的新功能 
RT : 漢字標準大戰: 造字人的苦惱 —
是誰寫的對？  
RT : Beethoven symphonies, Rossini's Algiers, Khovanshchina, Mahler 3, 6, and 7, were some of my favorite recordings of Claudio …
RT : Average yrs of education in population in Haiti, Zambia,Bangaldesh 2010 &gt; France, Germany, Spain 1970 http://t.co/BsduVN…
RT : No loitering, Indian style. (h/t @slate) 
01/15/14 PHD comic: 'Running Behind'  via 
Which are the most and least emotional countries in the world?  via 
RT : My favorite thing in the new issue of Popular Science 
RT : 我家这边判断小辈是否有礼貌的唯一标准就是能否在长辈出现在视线中的第一时间声音洪亮地喊出正确的称呼：xx姨，xx婶子，xx妗子…等等。我在这方面极差，一来从来记不住亲戚，二来声音不够洪亮（依他们的标准），故而是远近闻名的粗鲁。甚至有妈妈的牌友因为“我没…
RT : 某次skype后，我说academics为啥那么喜欢skype？陈先生想也不想地说：因为你们穷啊……我们工业界人士都是打电话的。
RT : twenty years ago today we formed a band that we named sigur rós. thank you all very much for listening all this... http://t.c…
RT : Did this guy bribe the program committee? Endow a session? Or is this an Easter Egg planted by organizers? #ASSA2014 http://t…
RT : ASSA meetings:
2014 - Philadelphia in winter
2015 - Boston in winter
2016 - Mariana Trench
2017 - Soyuz spacecraft without fuel…
RT : I predict a modified RBC theory of aggregate employment fluctuations: large negative search cost shocks. #ASSA2014 #SNOWMAGED…
RT : Best thing to do while delayed, waiting for your flight to Philadelphia for #ASSA2014: playing economist/not an economist.
RT : The fact that economists are trying to fly into a blizzard for #assa2014 is making  this conference into a punchline
RT : Using the #ASSA2014 snowstorm as a natural experiment, we show that the economics job market... - future econ job-market pape…
RT : “A conference in a snow-prone city in early January? What could go wrong?”
—the same folks who brought you the financial…
How Academia Resembles a Drug Gang 
RT :   IMO the mapping algo tends to massively underestimate the time cost of certain left turns, for …
RT : 「: 现在大厂的官方应用怎么都这么二呢，又不是个人开发者  」 #ThisIsWhyWeCannotHaveNiceThingsInChina
RT : 不带这样黑自己的好嘛... RT : How to open a coconut #Nokia style: 
RT : 老板：「你自豪的工作，只是消费主义的帮凶。你制造科技创新的幻象，催发不断更新数码产品的欲望，剥削第三世界的劳动者，污染地球，将来怎么面对孩子？时尚倏忽即逝，真正的好设计是永恒的。我的故乡在那不勒斯，我常常思考，庞贝人为什么能被世界铭记？」博士：「他们死…
China/Hong Kong markets in everything - 
RT : 乃们感受一下。Views from home - 10.29.13 vs. 12.07.13 #nofilter #PM2.5 
The National Reconnaissance Office (NRO) launched a new spy-satellite  via 
The happiness of economists  via 
The cheerleader effect  via 
RT : 国家留学基金委宣传留学中国的理由：“在中国，你会感到生活舒适，购买力强，你可以享受到在本国负担不起的生活方式：雇保姆，月月旅行，经常去餐厅酒店用餐，去养生店按摩..甚至定做服装，都变得触手可及。” 喂，肿么不告诉人家星巴克比贵国贵？ http://t…
RT : Can this be true? "London in 1966 had zero Japanese or Thai restaurants". 
RT : Just heard this playing in a store -- impossible to kill this bad 1984 Ethiopian famine charity song http://t.co/70cl4FT…
RT : Next level poverty porn:  Fake shanty towns with wifi and floor heating.   #globaldev
RT : Katie Mack写道“异地”，或二体问题，已经成为学术圈职业生涯的最大特征（之一）了。原因之一是学位和tenure之间的距离越来越长，而这段时间中涉及到太多搬迁，使研究者尤其是女性很难维持家庭。因此也更容易导致女性离开。  http://t.co…
RT : What’s in an Americanized Name? Immigrants who Americanize their given names do better economically. http://t.co/IOfyYS0V…
RT : “上海移民余红卫是马里有史以来首位参选议员的华裔女性。她将跻身1000名候选人的行列，参加角逐拥有147个席位的马里国会议员。” 感觉是好朴实勤劳能干的女性。 -- BBC中文专访马里国会候选人余红卫 - 
RT : 看了俄罗斯妹子关于植物根系的研究之后觉得真是太他妈的神奇了。。。原来植物根系在生长过程中是会像蠕虫一样试探性的挪动的，而且许多植物还会形成community，同时对外界刺激有反应。。。以后把这些视频要来打素食者的脸。。。
Billy Corgan wrote 1979 when he was 12...
The Overoptimism of Research Assistants  via 
The declining return to education spending in South Korea  via 
RT : 「Does Life End at 35? |  」-  #junyureads
RT : 在脸书上说：一个曾经的购物狂刚刚买了两个月以来的第一件新衫（夏末清仓），当然啦她在忙于写论文，另外她木有收入了。印度男评价道：一个从购物狂转变成学者的心路历程。 #说起来都是泪
Rock legend Lou Reed dead at 71  via 
New Zealand vending machine sells raw milk  via 
Human will be outnumbered by Lego People  via 
Average is Over  via 
Will the Swiss vote in a guaranteed annual income?  via 
Which emotions are shared and magnified on-line most easily? (hint: anger)  via 
The Origins of Summer Vacation 
Bee Orchid »  via 
RT : What’s in the water this week? CIA confirming Area 51 and Scotland Yard reopening the Princess Diana case. What next?
shelf life » good read  via 
RT : Remember when we used to make fun of old people who clipped newspaper articles and sent them to each other? That's litera…
 这个比较常见的版本叫battleship 在巨大的地图里藏大小不一的战舰 有iOS版的
RT : 当年《狮城舌战》那本书我真是看了好多遍，但是无论如何也不可能预料到的，是其中两个主人公一个后来成了政治局委员，另一个成了政治局委员⋯⋯的管家。#世事如谜
RT : Dear Jeff: Some mornings I would like to buy my copy of the Post used, for a lower price, and with a shipping delay.
Google Reader Died Because No One Would Run It 
 我觉得很多女博士似乎有一种能把自己相信的东西和所做的研究完全割裂的能力……
RT : We will give a free lifetime subscription to anyone whose country grants Ed Snowden asylum. So make some calls!
RT : Greg Mankiw is the sixth-largest unsecured creditor of Cengage, owed $1,618,249. He'll probably get nothing. http://t.co/z…
05/22/13 PHD comic: 'Happy for them?' 
 Is he unemployed now?
RT : Ray #Manzarek, keyboard player in The Doors, dies at 74
"Space Oddity" in space 
RT : Sir Alex Ferguson, manager of Manchester United since 1986, to retire,  says  #ManUtd #MUFC
RT : 我非常非常厭惡『世界音樂』這種分類方法。別人的民族音樂就是民族音樂，不同的民族的音樂特色各不相同，憑什麽非得一股腦兒全叫世界音樂？world你媽的music。
Grilled sexual harassment 
RT : US official: New security checks for foreigners with student visas after Boston attack -  
RT : Bertrand Russell to Oswald Mosley in 1962. This is how to tell someone you won't debate with them:  
RT : UTTERLY MENTAL: Barack Obama as Daniel Day-Lewis as Barack Obama. Seriously  (via )
RT : One brutal stat: 54% of grad students report feeling so depressed they have “hard time functioning,” vs. 10% of pop. http://t.…
An ombudsman by any other name would still field complaints 
客逝 
RT : My son today as we walked through town "mummy, we live on google earth", had to explain google only made the pictures.
RT : 希望四川的朋友们平安……
RT @Boston_Police: Suspect in custody. Officers sweeping the area. Stand by for further info.
RT : 为 Pink Floyd、Muse 等乐队设计唱片的平面设计师 Storm Thorgerson 去世。他最著名的作品是《The Dark Side of the Moon》的棱镜光束设计。
RT : Great @WaPo aerial view showing location of two explosions at #bostonmarathon 
Silence 
RT : RIP Sir Colin Davis, 85, wonderful conductor and an especially fine Mozartian:
RT : Zijinshan Observatory, China's oldest observatory, is no longer suitable for nighttime use due to increasingly severe light  ...
 中文wiki说的 借助翻译看了下日文wiki 也有类似的说法
 天皇设定上就是没有姓氏的吧……
RT : we're not sad. we're just disappointed and irritated RT : We know many of you will be sad to see it go.  http ...
RT : We're retiring Reader on July 1. We know many of you will be sad to see it go. Thanks for 8 great years! http://t.co/0 ...
ISO 8601 
我为什么是一个悲观主义者 
RT : 原来 Shirley Temple 是秀兰邓波儿！人家给我点 Shirley Temple 然后介绍这饮料是以一个女演员命名的，我愣没对上号。这感觉就像知道神探加杰特的英文名是 Gadget，布雷斯塔警长英文名是Bravestarr 一样…
Digging Your Car Out Of The Snow: Solving the Free-Parker Problem 
RT : Fake economist fools Portugal. Insert your own joke about all other economists here. 
RT : You can tell who are the economists and who are the San Diegans.
RT : Indian sitar player Ravi Shankar dies aged 92 - Indian media reports. Details soon 
我差点就是那群人之一了 RT : 一刀見血，捂着傷口走了。。。RT: : @演艺赵一：昨天和一群人聊天，有人忽然说到明年2013是第一次过到4个数字不一样的年份………
RT : Word! MT   is now free to Boston University students thanks to University Membership! Ever the m ...
 刚看到说Cohen是典型的犹太姓……之前跟你说过Dylan是犹太人，刚才又发现Simon and Garfunkel两个都是犹太人……
 突然意识到Leonard Cohen应该也是犹太人……
The price of turkey in America 
RT : 统计：中国赴美留学生数量连续三年位列榜首: 2011至2012学年，中国（不含港澳台地区）赴美留学生总数达到194029人，同比增长23%。这是继2010年以来，中国留学生数量连续三年占据美国国际学生数量榜首。另有报告显示，... h ...
RT : MUA HA HA HA HA!
Nonsense paper accepted by mathematics journal 
Ignorance about ignorance 
 游戏改的片子就没有好的吧……
The new (and inaugural?) Chinese translation of Finnegans Wake 
RT : That akward moment you realize Mitt Romney’s Slogan, “Keep America American” was the same slogan used by the KKK in 1922…
why are americans less stylish than europeans/japanese? 
An eBay shipping/salience experiment 
Tape bacteria, risotto cowboy, burning denim, and better to die 
Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell, Do Sandbag 
RT : Now that you can buy any top-level domain, I'll buy ".1" and create a host called "127.0.0" under it. Lets see what breaks. L ...
The culture that is Germany 
Price Discrimination Via Mac Vs PC Ownersip 
 王厚峰的课无论如何不算好吧 虽然也没差到哪里去…
European Vacation 
RT : Dropquest launches in exactly 13 hours! Set your alarm clock, and put on your thinking caps! 
Education Signaling in China 
 搜“寄生前夜”或者“parasite eve” 才知道原著是小说……
 见过一个人类被线粒体控制的科幻游戏……
 我就说这也太夸张了……
The first saintly economist? 
RT : DVR ALERT: Diablo III TV Commercial Airs Sunday on Fox -   @FamilyGuy #D3 #FamilyGuy
Microsoft has a nice tool to look at coauthor paths 
Approximations 
Golden Balls Solved? 
RT : TapLogger Android app can read your password based on motion sensor data 
There’s an app for you 
早上睡过头的解决方案 
RT : 「豌豆荚新方向：应用搜索那些事儿」:  #reader
弱问：为什么国外媒体报导里死了的那个英国人叫Neil Heywood，而国内媒体都管他叫尼尔-伍德？
RT : The value of research: economists verify that hot professors get better student evaluations 
 凡剑做的书的确很好，但是其中不少也还是盗版书……其实挺希望有正规电子书出版商能“招安”他们
Write, Damnit! 
April fools round for tech and econ 
Towards Transparency in journal turnaround times 
谢谢你，马丁 
Share Buttons 
03/23/12 PHD comic: 'Fading' 
RT : I love Sigur Ros but occasionally they do sound like two cats fucking beside a very encouraging orchestra
RT :  提问考据癖姐姐，ln(x) 的规范读音是什么。
I Shall Watch Them Play Baseball on Donkeys  via @zite
RT : 我：「R是我最好的朋友！」友：「不要这么说。。你的好朋友又免费又开放又公开啊。。」我：「。。。」
The life cycle of physicists 
Sentences which were not expected 
 便宜的安卓据说都不太好 我妈也在用你这款，看来要让她小心了……
 你买的是哪款安卓？
"冰岛、挪威、列支敦士登和瑞士不是EU但是申根；瑞典、丹麦、波罗的海三国、匈牙利捷克和波兰是EU, 申根但不是欧元区；英国是EU但不是申根也不是欧元区；爱尔兰和塞浦路斯是EU，欧元区但不是申根；还有两个de facto是申根区、也de facto用欧元的，那素圣马力诺和梵蒂冈。"
"Passive voice" in the comics 
 对就是重塑……太久没听，我把他们记成说金了……
RT : Best. App. Ever. Instapaper Placebo! It pretends to save stuff for later reading, but doesn't. RT  http:// ...
 嗯，记得很久以前听过一张中文的说金，也是很多英语错误……
Jonny Greenwood from Radiohead and Penderecki (the Hiroshima Composer) 
 原系列就叫c&c 所以弄混也不奇怪
One of the best acronyms I've seen: Western, Educated, Industrialized, Rich, and Democratic (WEIRD)
RT : 代表拖延重症患者介绍一下：一个随机二进制文件生成器是居家必备。你熟练地生成一个大小合理的文件，加上真实文件头，视情境重命名为zip或pdf，在限期前两分钟上传。客户、助教或老师会反馈「文件打不开重发」，但这是几天以后的事情了。你知道，他们都有拖延症。
 后面两个例子的确有读音区别吧（假设约旦和格鲁吉亚不是从英语译的）
An anecdote of Athens 
 话说你那只娜迦甩的是什么？我魔兽玩得少……
由抵制 Elsevier 说开，谈谈盗版与高定价问题 
China Fact of the Day: China Outsources to Europe 
Remembering Hu Shih: 1891-1962 
RT : The myth of the eight-hour sleep 
Orion Nebula 
Do Economists Lie More? 
不起眼的人生大温拿们 
Brown M&Ms and Hotdogs 
 我这里在everything里就有列出scholarly articles的前几条结果，而且一点就能去scholar……
让你的 WiFi 亮起来 
LINux hack 
RT : Be Mine... For All Eternity. 
The earliest recorded sounds 
Love:  A Continuous Time Approach 
02/13/12 PHD comic: 'Valentine Reading List' 
"Coding is the new Latin."
 Hi this is Ao:)
Valentine Dilemma 
RT : 哈佛毕业的林书豪和他斯坦福毕业的队友Fields发明了NBA史上最书呆子气的握手姿势：翻书页，戴眼镜，摘眼镜，上场打球。
 话说你知道Natalie Portman发过生物论文吧
The Poison Touchdown 
RT : Fabio Capello resigns as England manager, the Football Association confirms. More soon 
Law Of Unforeseen Consequences: Airline Baggage Fees 
RT : 「你敢来踏我们的田？——五条人和海丰县城记」:  #reader
RT : Sina Weibo saw a record number of messages sent per second Monday, in honor of the Chinese New Year - 
Happy Lunar New Year!
