这本《Clojure for the Brave and True》不错，可当作茶余饭后的休闲读物 
太久不用DB2，居然把它用户名只支持8位字符这件事给忘记了。
RT : [INFOGRAPHIC] The browser wars are on... see who controls the most territory, and who's the fastest... 
在RHEL/CentOS 5.x上使用JCO3访问SAP遇到卡在CpicDriver.nativeCpic_coxread方法连接不上也不报错这种情况的朋友，别死磕了，老老实实升级到RHEL/CentOS 6.x吧。
Bluetooth Low Energy: what do we do with you? 
AngularJS FTW! 
Webinar: Introducing Slick 2.0! 
Let an Awesome Structural Engineer Show You Around NYC's New Supertall  via @prismatic
Tool Building Versus Automation  via @prismatic
RT : It's funny. Learning Clojure makes your previous languages seem unappealing in comparison. Learning Haskell makes them seem irre…
A quick tour of relational database access with Scala 
CQRS/DDD by Greg Young:  via @youtube
Cruise Ship Cut in Half, Then Stretched 99 Feet:  via @youtube
RT : Demotivation made easy: how to keep people from learning — 
RT : CQRS/DDD by Greg Young  via 
RT : MongoDB moves past DB2 to become the fifth most popular database globally 
Apache Spark – Welcome to the CDH family  via 
Managing energy with a Reactive application 
给儿子买了台电钢，YDP-161B，感觉手感音色都比较接近入门级的真钢。
如果觉得  Apache HttpComponents 或者 Databinder Dispatch 都不怎么好用，可以试试 StackMob 的 Newman  #scala #httpclient
Tuning Postgres Queries  
真无可救药，有那么多电子书堆着没看，还在买新的。
The kraken suite is a secure and scalable layer that extends express by providing structure and convention. 
What Makes Node.js Faster Than Java?  via @prismatic
 中文的话推荐《快学Scala》；英文推荐《The Neophyte's Guide to Scala》  不错，自己决定价格。
RT : Sigma.js v1.0 is out!

Sigma is a JavaScript library dedicated to graph drawing. 
Erlang有map了，将替代record 
Good Tech Lead, Bad Tech Lead  via @prismatic
Reading code by asking questions 
如何让SBT更新和下载依赖走SOCKS代理？方法是加上 -DsocksProxyHost=... -DsocksProxyPort=... 命令行参数。 #Scala #SBT #ProTip
Appium is an open source test automation framework for use with native and hybrid mobile apps. 
RT : How Akka maps to EAI patterns:  #akka #eai
RT : I’m not convinced of the value of “sprints”. If you’re always sprinting, when do you stop and think?
RT : Saying that not everyone should learn to code is like saying that not everyone should learn to read.
RT : In Math, things are the way they are because they fit that way. 
In history, things are the way they are because they got th…
RT : Paul Phillips () on Scala. This is an awesome talk. 
Koding is giving away 100TB this week - my link gets you a 5GB VM!   #Crazy100TBWeek
4 Great Programming Architectures You should Know 
Funny And Useless Linux Command 
Taking care of your Systems Engineer  via @prismatic
Samsung to reportedly drop Windows notebooks in 2015, will only make Chromebooks  via @prismatic
Technology Radar January 2014  via @prismatic
感觉我离大光圈定焦控又近了一步：除了D70s上的银广，其他所有挂机头都是定焦的。
迄今为止，还没有发现比这个更直观的 Monad 介绍 
Trains within trains 
Pro Git Workflow | Pypix  via 
Mesos / Docker Integration  #DevOps
How to Make an iBeacon Out of a Raspberry Pi 
在XBMC上放视频，有时会遇到字幕出现方块，就像是汉字被一个个盖住，经常是整段出现然后到下一节又好了。跟进了一下原来是XBMC的播放器对"…"这个字符支持不佳，从字幕文件中去掉这些字符即可正常显示。
Ionic: Advanced HTML5 Hybrid Mobile App Framework 
AngularJS SEO #protip  via 
Setting Up a MEAN Stack Single Page Application  via 
Why Does Gmail Go Down? January 2014 Edition | Data Center Knowledge  via 
难得请个年假，各种还不如不休假。
How to sync Git with Compass, npm, bower, composer and whatever other tool... 
How I Stopped Wor­ry­ing and Learned to Love the Mongo Shell 
Modern C++ Tips and Tools 
这个访谈不错: Jessica Kerr () on Scala, scalaz, scalaz-stream, Testing with ScalaCheck 
CascadiaJS 2013 - Tom Dale - Stop Breaking the Web:  via @youtube
Clojure + Mathematica = Clojuratica 
JMS用起来是不怎么方便，但你也不能因此来一句咱们换FTP吧，换FTP就能解决系统间异步通讯丢消息和不同步的问题。这就好比我给你一部诺基亚，过了几个月你回一句说，这玩意这么难用，咱换BP机吧，换BP机我就能随时跟你联系了。
控制欲强的人和自控力差的人，重合度好像蛮高的。
惊觉我居然听懂粤语了，而且明显是中英混杂的。
顺利将某工程升级到了Slick 2.0.0，收工。
Slick 2.0 GA - Functional Relational Mapping Made Easy  via @prismatic
Why you don't need an Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) 
China's economy: Doing stuff, not making stuff  via @prismatic
Node and Angular To-Do App: Application Organization and Structure  via 
Head First Into Full Stack Javascript 
"I, like many developers that have been building things on the web since the mid 90s, developed a hatred for Javascript very early on..."
   弱问一句：Cell指的是啥？这个医学期刊吗  ？
 可能是中英混排的关系。另外图书应该可以有比论文字体更灵活的选择吧。:)
好奇大家是如何忍受计算机纸版图书中译本中常见的 Times New Roman 英文字体和全角括弧的？
Paxos By Example 
不知不觉，我在leanpub上买的书也有9本了。 
Clojure for the Brave and True, an Online Book for Beginners 
The Only Video You Need To See To Understand Why Marissa Mayer Fired Her COO  via @sai
Light Table is open source 
"Imagine buying your children two Star Wars light sabers... come within a few feet ... automatically light up." 
Sputnik - Simple and practical RSS reader 
Run node.js and .NET code in-process with edge.js 
Creating Desktop Applications With node-webkit 
A New Web UI for Spark  via @prismatic
帮同事解决Linux服务器磁盘分区跑满尝试清理后DB2服务无法正常启停的问题(SQL1652N)，查了一圈下来，发现该同事知道 ln -s 大法却错误的使用了 cp -r 和 rm -rf 而不是 mv，造成文件属性被抹除。
 也许相关？ P.S. 我很少用PPTP。
RPi操控摄像头真是完全不用动脑筋。虽然各种文档都还是以raspbian为基础环境来介绍，看似小众的Arch Linux ARM版默认安装raspberrypi-firmware-tools，开箱即用： 
Akka 2.3 中值得期待的一个模块: akka-persistence 
Best Practices for Designing a Pragmatic RESTful API 
RPi变身XBMC后，我毫无悬念地失去了TA。得再弄一台自己玩。
啥？贝巴要来破厂？
Bullet Time Style Effect with PiFace Control and Display and Raspberry Pi:  via @youtube
RPi装上XBian变身XBMC高清机顶盒，1080P毫无压力。
Why I no longer contribute to StackOverflow 
This year in Scala  via @prismatic
给新买的 Raspberry Pi 装上了 ARM 版 的 Arch Linux ，确认这个牌子 (ORICO) 的蓝牙 4.0 dongle 可以正常使用  ，回头找有 iOS 7 的童鞋试试 iBeacon 。
Raspberry Jamboree 2013: Amy Mather - Conway's Game Of Life: 
LAMP is no longer cool, here comes MEAN (MongoDB + Express + AngularJS + Node.js) 
入了个 Raspberry Pi (Model B, 512MB) 玩玩。
某人两天前就在buzz我说他play dist出来的start不好用，当时我试了本机是OK的就没太当回事，叫他换个干净的服务器，谁知今天还在buzz我说换了新环境还是报同样错。没辙干脆连上去看个究竟吧，结果啥问题没有。发挥了一下想象力终于发现，他是命令行直接敲start……
拜仁你好，拜仁再见。
"When you’re in a profession that causes more harm than it prevents, you can either try and improve, or you can pray that nobody notices."
It should be that coherence &gt; decoupling &gt; reuse, whereas the culture of Spring seems to have opposite values. 
Docker is an open-source engine that automates the deployment of any application...that will run virtually anywhere. 
logs and logstash @ puppetconf 2012  #logstash #jruby #elasticsearch
logging: logstash and other things - Jordan Sissel 
All about Elasticsearch Filter BitSets 
About PayPal's Node vs Java “fight” 
RT : Per Mertesacker is the real captain.
某些合作方做事真是 full of surprises.
某Java工程，properties文件里的key命名普遍比值要长好几倍，大部分的值还都是对应key的substring……请问这些值真的会变以至于需要写到配置文件里再从Java代码里通过常量key取回来么？ #编程是解决问题又不是拼谁码的字多
看来卡萨伊执法阿森纳欧冠的记录可以改写为：3场比赛，阿森纳共打进0球，丢8球（其中1个是点球），11张黄牌，1张红牌。 
Reactive Programming: 炒作还是真相?  文中提到的移动互联网、大规模用户群、用户对产品的高预期、PaaS等若干趋势，都对我们开发者提出了更高的要求，让我们将目光投向"响应式编程"。
RT : Scala's popularity for Big Data is growing.  Scalding, Summingbird, and Spark show how it should be …
RT : Congrats to the Kafka team for their first release as an Apache toplevel project!

Hewitt, Meijer and Szyperski: The Actor Model (everything you wanted to know, but were afraid to ask) (Channel 9) 
Recovering from mistakes in Git 
今天上午继续优化SQL，一个2分钟的查询被干到4秒。 #PostgreSQL #换个帽子戴
原来  的cypher引擎是Scala开发的啊 
今天花了一天时间优化某组SQL查询，最终效果令人满意，项目经理和合作方均表示认可。 #PostgreSQL #换个帽子戴
真心希望Scala不要成为学霸的天下。Scala（包括Akka、Spray、Play等）是非常注重工程实用的，社区需要有更多来自业界的声音。
不要低估获取成本对技术选型的影响。
昨天晚上在家coding到4:00am，基本设计确定的前提下，单机环境把所有核心逻辑实现。今天一早赶去公司开会，下午又接着去客户那边开会，晚上回到家终于可以远程跑一下昨天的代码，一次过，耶！原先的Java代码有10223行，Scala重写后560行。
 1986年3月第一版。
RT : If you want to know how distributed algorithms apply to scalable systems you must see 's scalax keynote: http://t.co/ai…
大家猜这本书是哪年的？ 
RT : electric talk by  on Scala and Graphs with Neo4j #scalax 
RT : The final has arrived: spray 1.0.0 / 1.1.0 / 1.2.0 is out!  #scala #akka #http
在某些人的心目中，SAP是“神”一样的存在。
Spray 1.0/1.1/1.2 正式发布！ 
How Much One Ought to Know Eta Expansion 
Node.js at PayPal | PayPal Engineering Blog 
"Build for replacement" instead of "Build for reuse".
"Refactoring at the *macro* level is MUCH MORE EXPENSIVE at the *micro* level."
Event Driven Architecture #architecture #eda  via 
"It's really become clear to me in the last couple of years that we need a new building block and that is the Domain Events." - Eric Evans
RT : 'Fast and Furious' star Paul Walker dies in car crash at 40 
Announcing Scala.js v0.1  via @prismatic
芬兰 Aalto 大学开始用 Scala 授课了？  #芬兰是个好地方
RT : Lost in translation.

(via ) 
RT : Combining data from DB2 for z/OS with a local Neo4J graph database. Crossing the streams. *blinding white light fills the …
RT : Just found that game demo made with ImpactJS + Illuminated.js + Box2D  :)
RT : PostgreSQL Array Hstore 数据类型不要太爽啊啊。。。#PostgreSQL
RT : Java is certainly an odd way to do programming.
Gravity IMAX 3D 侯场中，头一次看 3D ，不知道会是啥感觉。
Basic Data Structures and Algorithms in the Linux Kernel 
The Future of the Database (Infographic) 
Neo4j 2.0: A Giant Leap For Graphkind 
Putting Spark to Use: Fast In-Memory Computing for Your Big Data Applications 
Webinar: Spray on Akka with Mathias Doenitz:  via @youtube
Reactive DDD with Scala and Akka 
千金难买peace-of-mind.
Why vendors can't sell OpenStack to enterprises 
随着RC4的发布，spray 1.0/1.1/1.2的正式版终于要来了。
Idiomatic Scala: The For-Comprehension  via 
RT : 冰与火之歌每场杀戮都做标记是这样的：RT : Whoa.  GRRM shows no mercy. Every death in the series is tabbed http://t.c…
Pacific Northwest Scala 2013 We're Doing It All Wrong by Paul Phillips:  via @youtube
Bret Victor - Inventing on Principle 推多少次都不够 
"In programming the hard part isn’t solving problems, but deciding what problems to solve." — Paul Graham
"Compatibility means deliberately repeating other people’s mistakes." — David Wheeler
RT : 'The purpose of abstraction is not to be vague, but to create a new semantic level in which one can be absolutely precise'…
Just what is reactive programming? 
RT : Very interesting to see ING featuring #akka, #scala and #rlang as key technologies for the bank's future. #jfall13
这本我买了，讲得比较浅，对快速上手Scala和Clojure有帮助。": Functional Programming Patterns in Scala and Clojure "
Scala爱好者表示喜闻乐见，但不看好其前景。": ... Ceylon has landed  "we think people are really going to love it"  // 這麼有信心？"
RT : Keeper Wojciech Szczesny has signed a long-term contract with Arsenal. Full report here 
Did You Know That Not A Single Titanic Engineer Survived The Shipwreck Because …. 
The second operating system hiding in every mobile phone 
所谓的"员工关怀"，不是冷冰冰跳出来说，你有这些和这些异常考勤数据没有"申诉"，请解释并向你的上司确认。平时加班加点的时候你在哪里？被客户指着鼻子骂的时候你在哪里？自掏腰包为公司贡献图书和培训的时候你在哪里？ #既是吐槽也是自勉
现在（东八区）还在回邮件，我容易吗我。
很多时候，我们用了"企业级"的软件产品，却没有"企业级"的ops与之配套，最后还得是同一组dev去兼ops。结果就是"企业级"的好处没捞着不说，反过来还被"企业级"束缚了。
RT :  Which is why TDD isn't coding. It's more "toss code at compiler/test runner until it approves"-ing. ;-) /cc @b…
+1 ": 我年初的时候决定从开发转岗到运维，其实当时就有一些朋友问过我为什么，最近呢，微信公众平台上也有些人表示极度的好奇，因此我决定写一篇blog来说说："
RT : The Programmer's Life: Work; Home; Play; Sleep. #tech #programming #humor 
Don't move to Git 
RT : 看了个介绍zsh的slide  果断换用oh my zsh，果然好用
RT : RT  The Difference Between Reading A Book And Watching A Movie. 
RT : 世界最老生物确认有507岁，但科学家们为确认它的年龄而弄死了它  果然是人类特色的做法：直到事情无法挽回，才幡然明白。
今天是Manning的Scala Day，所有Manning出品的Scala图书半价，需要的同学别错过了 
[Shared] At First, I Thought This Was A Top Secret Facility. Then They Opened The Doors And… WHOA. 
Joel Spolsky: A Little Less Conversation 
翻读《C++ Concurrency in Action》，深刻感觉到C++ 11相比之前的98版真是有相当大的改进，很多并发编程相关的基础设施都补充到位了。
C++ 11 and Scala are not so vastly different as one might think.
事实判断和价值判断要分开，否则没有讨论基础。
Martin Odersky: The Trouble With Types 
Akka in Production: Our Story by @evanfchan 
Transitioning C# to Scala Using Thrift 
Technology Change: .NET to Scala  via 
"It is one of the core criticisms of agile that you too easily ignore architecture as you ricochet from one user driven feature to the next"
spray: REST on Akka 
问：还没下班？答：白天尽开会了，得做点正事。
 函数式确实会带来大量短命小对象的创建和销毁，但这在JVM上是很高效的。我想这个解释大家都听过。再举个例子，Java里经常有容器帮我们对类定义做分析然后动态组织一些逻辑，换做Scala这些逻辑组织可能在编译时就完成了。
 lazy evaluation? 你要的话当然可以有。但就像你自己说的，有时候保持代码逻辑清晰比追求极致性能更重要。
 谁说代码组织和算法运用合理一定是imperative的呢？functional就一定比imperative慢吗？我看未必。
 我认同企业开发追求极致性能的地方不多，但我不认为这是使用Scala而非Java的主要因素。况且若代码组织和算法运用合理，未见得谁就一定比谁慢。
原本没人敢(愿意)碰的JavaEE工程，用Akka、Spray重写以后，经过昨天下午的KT，一帮从未接触过Scala和Akka的小朋友，今天已经陆续在本机跑通并开始提改进意见了，生产环境的版本发布也由原先的分钟级缩短到秒级。开发工作本应如此简单直接无废话的。
#akka #microkernel #tips 请将你的 logback.xml 丢到 akka 的 config 目录下。
#akka #tips 不要在你的代码中到处写 ConfigFactory.load() ，对于 actor 而言，直接用 context.system.settings.config 即可。
#译自英语推 #程序员段子 什么是看板？看板就是：墨西哥湾从密西西比河吸水，然后密西西比河向它的上游要水，上游的山脉再问天空要雨。
 Thx, bro!
