 哈哈。已被 scheduled 了
 不能去。做工！enjoy
 早！要早睡哦，养出精神，宣传还有四天。呵呵
 真的！希望能够再看到他
 4more days
 Ikr !
 nope
 ?
 yeappp
RT : I don't want to go to work I just want to sleep at home at let 23rd come. Fast.
Need to catch more sleep
早安！@bunzbox , have a great dayy today for gala premiere at GENTING!
Rest well  , 今天辛苦你了。
RT : Finally going back to the hotel to get some much needed rest after an entire day of work...
 awesome
RT : Day 1 checked! Thank you all who came down and supported us! 
 how's e day so far at KL.
Seriously OCC Valley &amp; lookout
Seriously mind blowing off during  work
Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers and followed one person via 
RT : At 1 Utama now getting ready for #TheLionMen press conference!
Lunch time !!!
Good route to w0rkk!: )
Have a safe trip to Malaysia &amp; have fun!! Seeya when ur back! 
谢谢你！@bunzbox
能看到你，就好了。
Morning to myself today gonna ride thru
 morning to u, have a great promo w ur brothers and it will be awesome
RT : Up and early today! Ready to head to Malaysia! #TheLionMen
Am i gonnna see my dearest  tomorrow ?
Nights!!! I'm so gonna used to wake up at such hr to work! 715 reporting time !
First day of work seems ~
Yayyy tmr work gonna do rides and also gala premiere which everyone is anticipating!!!!
  maybe think of the work tomorrow
Thanks lovelies for cheering me up!!   ... ♡s youuu both!
 wahhhhhhh. Carefree lifestyle
Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via 
 all the time!
 finally!!!!
RT : Thanks all for the wishes. I was hiding in my little.cave and mugging away yesterday! Done with my first mid term paper!Phew, …
#throwback W ee awesome @bunzbox ♡ 
#throwback photo w toshrock ^^ ... been great knowing you since 2years back before ABTM 1 is up on… 
Emotional breakdown! 1 more day !!
Reading e convo and many flashbacks and can't take it anymore.!
Morning peeps!!! Otw to work and my cough is back! :(
Moree moments w my idol @bunzbox !!!! 
正在读书的你，加油！@bunzbox
Drinking dester beer right now , and reminds of the MV of   !
waking up at 5am !
Awesome dinner right now
A day spent w my lovelies ! ♡
Like finally the whatsapp group it's up
W my lovelies!!!
 girl what happen
我们都无法开心起来！
Today stats: 3 followers, No unfollowers via 
 hu
April back to NUH sure kena scold be dr assim
紧紧的抱着你，做什么都愿意，从此以后我的心跳我的呼吸！"每一次听到，就不尽的掉眼泪“  !!
Congrats to my pri school mate have a blissful marriage!!!
 ha-ha watching The Lion Men?
Killed a spider
Music is always our partner, we need them alwats whenever we go and whatever we do. 
Call time change to 630 at hbf!!!! can I reach by then....
 yeppppp
 I agreee but he wants me to concentrate on work as well. So yah
 yappp especially bunz. Missing him every single day even tho I'm packed w my work
 me tooo. But it will be a awesome experience for them I believe!
A strong bonding w my ACW &amp; USS team during the induction and training together. Can't wait to see them tomorrow. Call time 7am!
 me tooooo. Sobssss
 ikr
 it will be a hectic trip but it will be a awesome experience for u w ur brothers.
RT : When someone really likes you, they will never hurt you..and if they do, you can see it in their eyes that it hurts them …
Thanks lovelies for yesterday!  
 when will I be seeing u again
明天就要考试了，要加油！
Next development for our Company will be up sooon
Jiayouuuu for exams !  
Waiting for lead message  for tmr. First time gonna wear uniform for ACW
Pekcheck w her sia.come home argue
 I need ur help. When can I see u again.
 hah!!!!
Why must u invade my privacy sia. U use my fb to play ur sloto . Don ever see my acc
Thankssss  for everything
 haha ~ wanted to take photo but u were busy so I just left :))
 哈哈。。。yeappie
终于看到了 @bunzbox ，谢谢你今天的一切。在准备考试的你，要加油哦！♡ 
五天。说久不久呢！⊙▽⊙
今天辛苦了！@bunzbox
 girl, great seeing u !!!!
RT :  我第一次去!
 哈哈。我也是。我转头了就看到你了。哈哈哈
早前看到  ，哈哈。
 陪朋友来pasir ris. 也下来支持他们。
 没去 ~
 很久没去了
我不是不要帮你买！
Great seeing  earlier on !!!!
 wa steadyyyyy
Weird someone C is here but she's not here! Lol
Nigel dammmn funny sia
OJT on Monday
Thankful that his not at home these days
III see u on 20th !!!!
Thank youuuu! ♡
老板刚是说三月吗！天呀！要请假吗
五天后，看到你了。谢谢你！@bunzbox
RT :  see u all later ! Happy blated V day to all
Check out the brand that  love, and maybe I'm getting it as well. Heh
 o.o
 u going ah
Seeya !!! ": HEY Jemnation #jems !!! Come on down to Gardens By the Bay today 5pm to support  for her new show &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 沖峰。"
昨天和她们   一起过情人节。♡
@bunzbox 早安！呆会儿见咯。
 I'll see ya later!!!  ♡
 hey dear I'm fine w it tho.
 what thin
Today is Valentine's Day. I would like to wish you  a happy Valentine's day. And been grateful knowing… 
RT : Amk kbox now ~~
Passed by work safety &amp; interact w guest assessment  for ACW lerhhh. Tried on uniform as well .... Can't wait for OJT
RT : 单身的朋友不要悲伤了，只是今天晚上而已，其实你每天都在孤单，不是吗？
 haha Ur so cute !!!
Even tho I'm not in his FC anymore but I will support him ..
Today stats: 4 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via 
关着，闭着眼睛都。。。
如果你有去的话，我一定会很想你。我也无法去支持。工作在身。你知道的。*伤心* ，不过。。。。
Fire safety induction now, how wish can go off
很累，睡了一个小时。也不够。好困哦
 which casts will be going?
RT : MALAYSIAN FANS! I’ll be coming 18-23 Feb to KL, Penang, JB &amp; Genting with #TheLionMen casts! There’ll be fan meet &amp; greets, m…
 veracia when will I be seeing u again.heh
Freaking sleepy....  need to get a nap for 330 fire safety.. yawnsssss
 在精神上永远支持你！加油！！！♡
RT :        - Happy Valentine's Day! ^^ #teamyx fighting~ …
RT : Happy valentines day to u too :) 
 yesyes
 yesyes my dear. ♡ happy Valentine's day
♡ the pix taken of @bunzbox at the Lunar New Year Dinner at Hougang. 
 it will be fun
A short meet up w my dearest girl serene after so long.
 thanks dear for today! ♡
Thanks  ^_^
 hihi gary, dmed u
Y u so cute derhh! @bunzbox the bromance w  
 omg
RT : Hi guys :)
RT : Look up, there is always a silver lining behind every cloud :) 
ME,   &amp;  can't wait to see    for the upcoming event
RT :    hahaha ♡♡♡
 haishhh.... can't wait to see u and 
 yeppppp... gonna see him like finally! after 5days .... :(((
 yeapp. I'm going!!!
 missing him as well. Will u be going on sat
   ha-ha both of them.
 when was this ?
RT : Morning! Roarrrrr!
 早。seeya soooon. Have a great dayy today
RT :  love u too bro :)) haha
  yesyes!!!! I need.....
早
 yeppp yeap. Brothers are always besides u and I'll be there for you as well.
RT : 2013 the true 兄弟們 was the best thing ever happened in my life. I am forever grateful.
今晚加油！给力！@bunzbox ♡♡
MLP, ACW &amp; Dolphin island
今晚辛苦你了。加油哦！
 thanks zijie!
Walking home...  hah drank white wine which is my fav. Missed having a gathering which have hard liqour lol
♡ simply love
A long dayy tmr
Din eat anything for dinner! But just drinking wine....
Freeflow of housepour lol
Awesome wine
Sorry girl hah 
 awww
Today stats: 2 followers, One unfollower and followed 2 people via 
Watching the back of scenes of  cny video. 2More days to end of cny. So fast
Hollywood!!!! Adventure Cove Waterpark
Pissed w the shoes
Diploma in hosp. PART time
Should I or should I not
Memorised of codessss
Sorry if I missed ur call. Mr ZX
7Modules - 6mtha ..woahhhhh
Interaction w guests
Assessment!
 check WA
RT : Learn to respect someone's privacy and personal space. That's the basic respect we should have for others.
Park is opening soooon and it reminds me of fam trip
Both roller coasters won't be open sooon
Introduction time @bunzbox toshrock 
 早啊。
RT : 早安 地球人!
2More days to V.Day
Morning , a breezy Morning. Simply love it. Otw to resort. Hope today lesson turn well for me
 not sleepy eh...  sorting all photos eh
Waking up at 5+ instead. Should I or should I not turn in
Thanks
 like what I said we should be happy for them as more and more fans are increasing.
Rem what I told u earlier on phone 
 heh... xiexieni
