As a vegetarian today. Cant believe I could do it. 但是年初1 吃素最好。 所以还是乖乖忍受肉类的诱惑。 mission complete!  Haha :)
我总有一天会把你的狗眼挖出来。狗眼看人低。你的儿子厉害读书就可以做王了?pui!成绩不会代表一切。而且我也不会出卖自己的祖宗为了利益进回教o0o 我会证明给你看我不必读书年年4.0也可以击败你的儿子。
今天我的姑姑踩我玩外汇。她非常有钱,从小到大都看不起我。但是我发誓我会让你刮目相看。我相信我自己的能力。你等着瞧。我会让你的狗眼大跌眼镜。
End of june imma going hokkaido! Yeah!
背那么多case干嘛? 两条路选一条,继续读下去 要不然就往外汇发展下去。
今天我break 自己的record....一个晚上赚rm416....== 我其实不用读书了的。找个女朋友结婚算了 哈哈
我们要遇上多少个错的人 才能遇上对的人 ?
 happy CNY too and happy study week for exam T.T
Walao chu 1 my mum ask me to be a vegetarian so many hao liao leh...T.T
生意伙伴跟我说MMU 有10多千的学生,只要每人每天给你一块钱。就发达了。但是人家为什么要给你那一块钱? 当然是给预他们非缺不可的东西。很快,我会把我的business从外汇领域expand到门市生意。地点是在ixora但是不懂肯租给我没有 要不然又要找地点。zzz
 slp earlier then will be ok le. Tomorrow reunion dinner if headache no appetite to eat 1.hahaha
一个新年,花太多了 @@
Red wine......法国红酒.......
现在剩下地点问题。我第一选择是ixora楼下
I will be opening a shop nearby mmu soon. 1st ever shop under my business empire. Succeed is the only word.
别太在意别人对你的看法 要不然你会累死或者被别人整死。。。
lol just eat 10 cucuk of satay at this hour....
Ok is time going gym.
我现在要读书。我要考4.0..不要kacau啊。。。哈哈哈哈哈!!!
我很容易相信别人,但是别出卖我。只要一次,我肯定换人。
最近add我的全部都是15 16岁的小妹妹 小弟弟 accept liao就pm hihi wat is forex?现在的小孩那么缺钱吗 当年我在这个年龄只是想着放学回家吃饭补习睡觉!@@
2小时的gym 然后就马上吃kfc这样有效吗 haizz @@
Just back from gym. But nothing to eat at this hour. Hungry
Ok time for 人鱼线!go go go!
华语的奥妙!!!!哈哈哈哈哈哈 干好笑 
冠军是香港的。。真的很漂亮。 去过香港4次 美女真的很多。 
 这世界什么样的人都有 但是对cheese敏感的好像只有我 ==! 哈哈
Walao why am I so allergic to cheese 1...just 1 bite of cheese tart oso make me diarrhea like fuck...上辈子我应该是做cheese的吧 这辈子不能动cheese % €£¥₩@#
 happy cny too but still early lah xD
以现在的进度。我预测我自己两年后是百万。xD
Best news in 2014  juan mata transfer to man utd
 sooyee,你是很多人眼中的女神。肯定会insecure hahahaahhaa!
Kuda kuda 马年行大运 哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈!! 
True story hahaha@@ 
痛到不会睡。。。。
老爸一直要移民澳洲 老妈不要怕不习惯 老妹老想着去英国读书  我现在存着钱为下一趟旅行去北海道。哈哈哈 我现在读着的law对我以后career没有关系。我对金融界越来越有兴趣。我要做金融大鳄。
 配合一下嘛 。。。。
10天没有什么吃。。。瘦到脸尖掉去。。 。绑牙真的好辛苦。嘴巴生 ulcer lagi...misai 又没有剃 好像很落魄这样 哈哈哈。。。
 send my regards to my father in law
painful arghhhhhhhhhhh!! my mouth grow 1 vry big ulcer i cant even eat...and just now i accidentally slap my mouth fucktard fucking painful!
Skrg cuaca dah turun....apasaj tak puji kerajaan?
Beast mode on. Chest day.
Back to gym!! I will become壮富帅. U can print this
 u oso!! Haha sry forget u le xD
Wtf I accidentally bring bek the old town menu hahahhaha! 
 ya...I knew the system ady..I bek to degree le lol...2mr all still here right.. go dim sum Lawrence gor blj!
糊理糊涂又过了一个sem...下个sem 回去跟老朋友一起上课 但是感觉肯定会很生疏。。 虽然荒废了几个月。。但是认识到你们我很快乐 :)     
 
 wah sooyee sooooooo sudden hahahaha!
太多亲戚玩fb了 post什么毛都不方便。每次都要customised 很多人
晚上的马六甲真的好冷啊
No privacy in facebook. Everything exposed. Tats why I no longer writing status.
 pergi dgn siapa tak ajak I eh ko
10 days no go gym liao...bcuz of toothache and ulcer..muscle gone liao haizzzzzz
Haizz cny oso hv to study...I miss last year exam schedule..after exam cny....this year b4 cny exam extremely fucked up
Everyday got friend request but all fake profile zzz 
上次看到老爸是去年新年在上海的时候 现在时隔1年终于见到面啦! 我要在外汇赚大钱 让你早点退休从澳洲回来 再带你们和妹妹环游世界!  我会很拼命 就算 再辛苦 只要看到你们3个的笑容 一切都是值得的!
Tat feeling....no one will know. I have been staying strong for 1 whole year
I have been waiting this day for so long!
My dad is back!!!!!! Im so happpyyyyyy!!!! It has been 1 year since I last saw him!! Woohoo!!!
 mari mari abang blj makan XD
 just done adjusting braces? me last week till now no appetite ar sienzzz pain till now
 damn..... how good if i can print this out and eat...,haiz
finally i managed to open my mmls....i forgot my password...it has been 2 months since i last login haha
After I dyed my hair I couldn't get used to it haha 
I just dyed my hair...I dont get used to it. It is the 2nd time I dye hair
Haizz face bengkak so ugly....dunno wat attend class 2mr ma :(
These few days I eat bread and porridge only. I lose 5kg weight..
 如果可以从来 我宁愿不要绑 TmT
这几天能避免说话就避免。。。一开口就痛到拿命。。嘴巴烂啊 绑什么牙噢那么辛苦
Fucktard braces make me so suffer!
will be more alert.
just a bit of phobia..tat day at jb almost accident...its a close shave..thanks god im still alive..
muscular body, rich, and handsome.2014.
seems like this year valentines' day forever alone too....haiz haiz haiz hahahaha! focus on ur forex empire and ur audi a5 soo zhe yie!
 hopeless....
这个月的牙套是往外推的。。所以脸肿肿的。。。新年也是这个样 很丑啊!!! 
fuck this shit braces it is killing me so painful arghhhh
  i started to miss u guys liao
妈的 新年我的嘴巴还是一样会肿肿的 take photos sure fucking ugly zzz
妈的  人家绑牙我绑牙 现在绑到两边嘴巴烂。 痛到我连喝水都很辛苦 什么毛都不可以吃 zzz
3 days in a row driving on highways im seriously very exhausted. My mouth bengkak 1 month oso bcuz of braces....haizx
 现在我坐在她隔壁陪着她
现在的脸肿到象给人打。。吃东西又开不到嘴巴。wtf braces...cny like this so ugly
今天驾了几百公里的路程。。。。铁人。。。。
Affogado.im now at garden lifestyle cafe. Mid valley.. 
Im so fucking happy! I managed to attract 1 5k usd investor!
Heading to mid valley soon.
 你的意思是说我现在很丑吗?哈哈哈哈哈
爱美不要命。。。现在整个嘴巴肿起来了。。20岁才来绑牙 ==
damn i cant even swallow my saliva after i did my braces fucking painful!
Just did my braces fucking painful I cant even eat!
现在才回到家。。忙外汇的事情。。现在做着别人看不懂也不想做的事情 以后就能享受别人享受不到的福。实在是忙到自己吃晚饭的时间 都要在5分钟里吃完 被我忽略的所有人 感到不好意思。
累的时候告诉自己 : 我不能倒下,因为我没有依靠!
.....自己举办爬山活动 现在自己才发现明天有braces appointment....sure kena scold 99...organiser put airplane &gt;&lt;
Damn im fucking hairy.. baru shave my beard and moustache like last few days...now grow so long le...==
我现在的责任是要改造整个团队的造型。
咳 以前写的东西 真的有够蠢 。。。。。。但是很好笑!!!哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈 
这是我form 4的时候的biology paper...今天一个朋友去like一下现在出现在newsfeed le.......... 
傻佬!!!哈哈哈哈 干好笑! 
Today my friend tease me the amount of the so called 'likes' of my profile picture lose to my own status damn XD 
妹子 为何心情不好呢? 跟哥说说 xD
我要改变历史
 ya I going there next month. Got friends interested forex ask them come out! XD
I like China. Not the people and food. Just the mesmerising scenery.
现在真的有够辛苦 每天只睡3 4 个小时。 坚持下去。。。多几个月就可以翘脚了。 我的目标每个月稳稳收入 10k 。
Fame? 名利对你那么重要吗?
Feb ipoh, kampar. May Kk sabah. And then year end going trip :)
Mmu students............luckily no injuries nor death 
Walao fucking unlucky just now phone drop into water fuckkkkk now speaker like sore throat like tat all gone
Got 1 fucking stupid cat eat liao 1 mouse then left its dead body in my house balcony fucking smelly I hv to clean this shit zzz
2014 will be my year. 我不会输。 这个年尾我要有本事花钱上游艇  不然就是失败
现在载一个朋友去医院body check up  医生说她可能得cancer 希望不是吧 ==

Focus on study 1st. 1 subject nia zzz
游艇。。。这个年尾去坐游艇
外表风光 但是在背后付出的努力你没看到
伤痕累累。。。
我是被你遗忘的精彩 你却带着记忆离开
I found back my passion!  Passion to study!  ^^
I found back my passion!
Baby u rocks like rihanna!
She can sing she fan dance she rocks like rihanna
My friend told me a doctor suspect she might got cancer. 2mr fetch her go check up after class.. Hope its not cancer bah. God bless u.
我的女朋友是个路痴。找了那么久还是找不到我。
今天过后 定生死。
Something bad just happened on me. I feel hopeless.
人单身久了后 会想念两个人的日子
太早断定一个人。。以为他/她就是你的全世界。。那你就错了。。。 其实怀念的不是那段日子 而是你过于依赖对方了。
Stressful life.......exam after 1 week of cny wtf...
屁股很辣。。。吃了很多laksa和satay  T.T
Wanted to go gym..but rains ruined my plan..I know I shouldn't gv so much excuse zzz
Dad at Australia, mum at another house. Sis at plkn and in the future probably study in kl. Im alone in this town house. 四个人都在不同的屋子 walao==
 这首歌非常有正能量 听了马上有活力!
Yes.... it is very tiring...I feel exhausted.  But the outcome will be fruitful. 
I lost rm500 bet to my sis T.T haiz actually this doesn't matter what matters is she going plkn....left mum and I at home only zzz
跟妹妹打赌。如果我的likes少过她就要给她rm500 我是昨天换profile pic的 她才换5个小时 就追上我了T.T 。 还没有like的朋友快点like我的吧 xDD 
Cute baby in the house xD 
昨天吃到很饱啊啊啊。。也玩得很开心。 看着自己的人enjoy作为leader 当然非常开心 :) 这次event 给自己65分 还有很大的进步空间 下次会更好! :)
Macam yes?! Ade gaya tak? Hahahahahahaha 
 buat apa sana..duit sana 1 = rm2.6 here...
 ling ling! Next time I will bring u go buffet I promise!
死了。。。。mmu 的lecturer来问我forex怎样玩。。。。== 不应该add lecturers. 现在很大麻烦
2mr I will upload photos.  Stay tuned. ;)
Not bad...the event ends up happily :)
Last min放飞机 去哪里找人噢 烦啊
 boleh! I treat u buffet u bring me go osaka!
 可以带我去吗
Walao kena put airplane. I book 10 person. Now extra 1. Anyone else can go ar? Buffet dinner zz
 haha okok after ur presentation can teach me account pls? :)
 I think of something funny.  Last time I oso ate nadeje cake then sick 99 de.. is it the nadeje cake got problems? Hahahahah
Tonight is my turn to shine! 
 u recover le ma? got Eat medicine? Jia you bah u ;)
白羊男孩的热情过盛! 动力10足!
第一次 大请吃 而且是在hotel 只要hold住场面 2014就是我的年
: How I use my phone: 50% to check the internet 20% to text 15% to take photos 10% check the time 5% to actually call"
Tomorrow is the day...I seriously feeling very nervous. 让压力变成你的推动力吧!!! 
 vickii u can do it definitely!
True == 
Western food too much fats zzz
我妹妹生日要到了 。她的追求者很多==然后有个男的前几天就讲他要送我妹妹礼物。 今天他们出去 那男的把礼物交给他。 我和妈妈都以为是什么贵重的礼物 那么神秘噢 她开来看 竟然是pasar malam卖的那种几块钱的衣服 要追我妹妹 还那么kiam siap walao ==
Man utd this season banyak teruk.....:(
RT : Constantly caring about those who don't give a shit about me.
去练人鱼线了。 我不可能成为高富帅 但是我会成为壮富帅!
Tomorrow is the day.我会把它弄到最好 最奢华!
 hahahahahaha! Damn let u saw this....but I prefer lacoste...the logo I mean
是时候打造自己和partners了。多两天去kl扫货。fred perry 是个名牌吗
Damn I lend my sis my iphone I no log out my twitter she read all my twits ==
T.W.I.T.T.E.R. = Typing. What. I'm. Thinking. To. Everyone. Reading"
 take care :)
 什么叫更好的在后头?! 我觉得Nikki 很不错了 xDDDD
有些人离开了。他们都只是你生命中的过客。谁坚持到最后 谁就是王者。
Good 9.
 u mia best friend lo always call u khoo khoo de hahahahahaha! 折磨我很久了。所以我没去想。很想谈恋爱 但是就顺其自然吧
 I hate u............treasure Adrian bah u he is a great guy ;)
 hmm next few days her bday le. Dunno how they clb for her. But I dont k lah. I ady block 2 of them long time ago.
 pipo jie 2mr got account class mou
 my ex clb 1 year anniversary liao.... im still single. Nikki we cant lose ppl! XD
 yeeli jie 2mr got account class mou
闲啊!明天要穿formal! Wtf.fucking hot T.T
这个朋友讲话够好笑 xD 
 is a lady boss lah.. everyday she 1st stall open de. Middle 1.zzz
Just now eating at mmu corner 1 economic rice stall.. there is 2 dead cockroach in the curry wtf....lost appetite till now zzz
2mr.....after class meet big client stressful sial 2 uncles me alone
New page of life 2014!!! Hope got 1 girlfriend bah!
1114 happy new year.
Paintball with bros 
我发现到如果是去ipoh两天一夜根本就是很赶咯。太多东西要做了。 3天2夜才行了。希望在ipoh这个城市攻下市场吧
有没有那么一受歌 让你突然想起我?
 yup.and jonker miss E got go bo? Hahahahaaha scared awkward leh.xD
  yeahh right too freee them == it is instafollow..now got 1 called statigram oso not bad :-)
What is the point of following then unfollowing the other day? I found this very annoying zzzz 
Football 麻醉自己 但是一个礼拜最多只有两场球 不是长远的解决方法
 hahahahahahahaha jonker oso lah.
 I going stadium merdeka for the TURUN event.
 everyone does ;)
刚才去做gym 就一直觉得很奇怪 做么酱多人看着我 要笑不笑的表情 结果我做了两个小时 要回家了换衣前 才发现我把衣服穿倒反!!! 够下衰 &gt;&lt; 每次都成为别人的笑柄的我 T.T 
2mr is Monday again....T.T
如果你是單身 
請你不羨慕那些
天天粘在一起的情侶 
不要妒忌那些寒風中
可以擁抱在一起
緊握雙手的兩個人 
你也不會想承受他們
因為分歧因為距離
鬧起的小脾氣 
那些吵架傷人分手的
會影響到你美好情緒 
你現在能做的 
努力學習充實好自己 
以最好的姿態
等待那個他/她的出現
几时才能做到对感情麻木呢
