法務部前接吻 爭同性婚姻修法: 男同志團體今天下午二時卅分到法務部陳情，兩名男同志揮舞彩虹旗並接吻，要求法務部修改民法，讓同性戀者... 
「喜歡沒有固定情人」 80後較不專情？: 眾目睽睽下，一個深情的擁吻是多麼浪漫啊！今天是19年一遇的中西情人節，幾對參加「情人左擁右抱大賽」... 
Taiwan's mainland affairs chief concludes historic visit: Taiwan's mainland affairs chief, Wang Yu-chi, left S... 
高市審議日月光復工申請 復工期程未定: 高雄市環保局針對日月光復工申請審查案，今天開會審查並到K7廠區現勘，8名學者專家委員出席，花了四個... 
Kerry's China visit hoped to be 'good start' for 2014 relationship: Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on Friday th... 
Asia's most fashionable city is... 
民進黨要求王郁琦說明大陸行: 王張會引發關注，陸委會主委王郁琦說，在閉門會議中提及馬習會。民進黨政策會執行長吳釗燮下午舉行記者會... 
網友曝16淫窟 促警按圖索「妓」: 廣東各地陸續開展大規模清剿淫窟行動，同時在坊間也掀起了一場「全民掃黃」風暴。大公報報導，近日陸續有... 
China's January PPI continues decline: China's producer price index (PPI) contracted 1.6 percent year on year ... 
全教總：高鳳退場是高教盲目擴充的反噬: 創校才十年的屏東高鳳數位內容學院公告停辦，全教總今天發表聲明抨擊，高鳳是廉價高教下必然的產物，該校... 
China defends fight against ivory smugglers: China defended its stance on ivory protection, asking for a fair ... 
Soldiers dispatched to Xinjiang quake zone: Armed police medics diagnose for locals in the quake-hit zone of Y... 
China's bankcard consumer confidence rebounds: Chinese consumer confidence rebounded month on month in January... 
葉玫遭起訴，國防部尊重檢察官職權: 涉嫌棄職潛逃英國的軍情局中尉女軍官葉玫，以一般逃亡罪遭到起訴，國防部發言人羅紹和上午表示，葉玫涉犯... 
不續掌考院 關中：知所進退: 考試院長關中的任期到今年8月底屆滿 ，關中上午主持國家文官講堂揭牌啟用典禮，他表示自己年紀到了，他... 
Commentary: Kerry's visit to China an opportunity to defuse regional tensions: John Kerry started his second v... 
課綱未納代表 原民團體到教部抗議: 「遵守人權準則，終結同化教育」，抗議教育部未在課綱小組納入原住民代表，包括原住民族青年陣線、台灣原... 
China's January PPI down 1.6 pct: China's producer price index (PPI), a main gauge of inflation at the wholesa... 
美媒：最适合退休者从事的八项工作: 美国趣味科学网站2月12日撰文称，美国人或许能从62岁开始领取退休金，但在当今世界，许多人在过了退休年龄以后继续工作。不管是为了赚点外快、发挥余热还是为了尝试新鲜事物，越来越多的老年人... 
高鳳退場 教部：600名學生轉7校就學: 高鳳數位內容學院昨晚在學校網站公告停辦，教育部技職司長李彥儀表示，等高鳳將退場計畫書送到教育部，會... 
Water resource management put in spotlight with national checks: China kicked off a performance assessment to ... 
Portrait of a painter: Weathered, thin and small of stature with a dark face and hair reaching down to his nec... 
The Committee to Save Mexico: It's the hot new emerging market. But can President Peña Nieto and his team of r... 
議會刪預算 陳菊臉書po全黑照片: 不滿高雄市議會刪除市府103年總預算歲入57億元，高雄市長陳菊今晚臉書貼上全黑的圖片抗議，並po文... 
Over 1,000 aftershocks hit Xinjiang after Wed quake: More than 1,000 aftershocks were recorded after Wednesday... 
China's finance ministry makes approval catalog public: China's Ministry of Finance on Thursday made public th... 
Reeducation returns in new form in Henan: The controversial “reeducation through labor” camps that were offici... 
前總統府侍衛長鄭德美 接陸軍副司令: 陸軍副司令吳有明中將日前退伍，遺缺將由現任第八軍團指揮官鄭德美中將接任。至於八軍團指揮官一職，將由... 
Chinese president meets Hungarian PM: Chinese President Xi Jinping met with Hungarian Prime Minister Orban Vik... 
The School That Will Get You a Job: A new kind of education shows why four years of high school isn't enough 
梁國新次長轉調 歡送會遭「郎」吻: 經濟部政務次長梁國新即將轉任行政院顧問，經濟部13日舉辦歡送會，部長張家祝到場致詞並頒獎表揚其功績... 
Vice minister stresses commercial seed industry: China's Vice Minister of Science and Technology Zhang Laiwu o... 
Looters, kneelers and the ‘Shamate’: China’s newest minorities: The term dama has been popular since April 201... 
王張會 持續引發外媒關注: 陸委會主委王郁琦率團訪問中國大陸，持續引發國際媒體關注及報導，外交部指出，外媒對兩岸未來關係多半持... 
人事總處精簡公務人力: 為管控直轄市員額，人事行政總處訂定「縣市改制直轄市三年期滿的員額管理原則」，今天在考試院會提出報告... 
愛蓮會新春團拜 呂秀蓮宣讀「良心三善業」: 為響應聯合國NGO世界公民總會發起的全球「良心時代」運動，前副總統呂秀蓮下午在「愛蓮會」新春團拜中... 
China underscores Maritime Silk Road cooperation: China and Sri Lanka's joint work to build a "21st-century Ma... 
新戶政系統卡卡 張善政建議解約: 新戶役政系統甫上路就出包，科技政委張善政13日在行政院院會上建議，內政部應與承包商解約，且未來各單... 
新戶役政出包 謝愛齡向部長致歉: 新戶役政系統出包，引起民怨。內政部戶政司長謝愛齡今天下午在內政部部務會報上，提出檢討報告，指新戶役... 
Joey, le Soldat au pas cadencé: 

          Hip hop          

... 
自由之家指總統發動政爭 法務部澄清: 美國「自由之家（Freedom House）」今年1月23日發表的「2014年世界各國自由度調查報... 
陝西商代建築遺跡 風格罕見: 陝西省文物局日前透露，在陝西清澗縣辛莊遺址的考古工作取得階段性成果，考古人員在遺址裡，發現一組由主... 
政院修法 重災勸募所得需經備查: 國人充滿愛心，遇到重大災難往往都願意樂捐柱人，但公益勸募所得用途常常引發爭議。行政院會上午通過公益... 
提高雇員薪資 北市呼籲中央跟進: 台北市副市長丁庭宇上午代表市長郝龍斌出席行政院會，針對新戶政系統大當機，丁庭宇指出，連日來的民怨，... 
東莞掃黃 悲喜兩樣情: 廣東當前最熱門的話題仍是東莞掃黃事件，東莞當地多家提供色情服務的場所都說正「暫停營業」，何時恢復正... 
昨日強硬 戶政系統承包商今禁聲: 立委段宜康爆料，頻頻出包的新戶政電腦系統是由資本額僅200萬元、員工不到6人的環安達科技公司承包。... 
民調較連低？丁守中：獎牌不在起跑點頒: 國民黨黨中央昨天舉行新春餐會，同一時間卻有多位中常委在別處宴請台北市黨代表喝春酒，台北市長熱門人選... 
謝愛齡下台? 蕭家淇不證實: 內政部新式戶政系統連日出包，各界究責聲不斷，今日傳出內政部長李鴻源直接告知戶政司長謝愛齡下台負責的... 
الحرب العالمية الاولى: Publication date: Wednesday, February 12, 2014 - 19:57Picture URL: http://img.youtube.c... 
China supports UN efforts in protecting civilians in conflict: China supports the United Nation's efforts to s... 
鄭州古建築 傲立「天地之中」: 鄭州登封周邊散布的八處11項歷史建築，構成大陸第39處世界遺產：「天地之中」歷史建築群。「天地之中... 
港版免登記稅 便宜百萬: 受惠於香港稅收優惠，美國電動車大廠特斯拉（Tesla）在香港販售的Model S車型，較大陸同款車... 
熱乾麵、重慶火鍋 搭上申遺熱: 繼韓國泡菜去年成功申請聯合國世界文化遺產後，武漢特色麵點「熱乾麵」，日前也正式申報大陸國家級「非物... 
遠通ETC稽核委員會公布春節稽核結果: 遠通ＥＴＣ稽核委員會首度公布春節期間稽核結果，召集人黃台生副教授表示2月1日至4日首波稽核中，未發... 
7.3 quake jolts Xinjiang: A 7.3-magnitude earthquake jolted Northwest China’s Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Regio... 
張五岳：提中華民國 兩岸互不否認: 對於王郁琦在中山陵提及民國紀年、官銜與中華民國，銘傳大學兩岸研究中心主任楊開煌認為，在這樣的場合作... 
Man dies of rabies: A man in his 20s died of rabies Wednesday after he was bitten by a wild dog in Pudong New ... 
299 workers hospitalized after falling ill: A total of 299 workers from a Japanese electronics manufacturer in... 
追隨北市 中市5月起為臨時人員調薪: 台北市宣布5月起調漲市府臨時人員最低工資，台中市政府12日晚間也確定加薪，市長胡志強宣布將自5月1... 
Chinese leaders stress safety after Xinjiang quake: President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang ordered concer... 
Spring dating nightmares: “If you do not find yourself a girlfriend, I will not die peacefully!” cried the mot... 
司法院推薦監委人選 法官有異見: 司法院推薦基隆地方法院院長蔡崇義擔任監察委員，名單曝光後，法官論壇今天出現質疑意見。有留言對人選感... 
馬英九：吃飽喝足趕快上路打拚: 國民黨今天舉行新春餐會，主席馬英九致辭時表示，面對年底七合一選舉，一定要動員起來，結合所有可能結合... 
China welcomes Cyprus reunification talks: China welcomed the reunification talks between Greek Cypriot and Tu... 
朱敬一提小蘋果計畫 江宜樺語帶玄機: 科技部下月3日將成立，誰是首任科技部長受到關注，行政院長江宜樺今出席國科會主委朱敬一主持的「小蘋果... 
Big funds to improve livelihood in Xinjiang: The government of Northwest China's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Re... 
Expert hails breakthrough cross-Straits meeting: A Chinese mainland expert on Taiwan studies on Wednesday hail... 
美國務院：歡迎王張會: 美國國務院11日表示歡迎台灣海峽兩岸的「王張會」，並鼓勵雙方政府繼續對話。白宮則表示，這是非常重要... 
國科會推出小蘋果育苗計畫: 國科會宣布啟動小蘋果園育苗計畫，希望打造台灣科技產業下一個新典範。國科會邀請台積電、聯發科、中華電... 
涂醒哲籲各縣市反對教育部新課綱: 教育部通過高中教材課綱微調，參加民進黨嘉義市長初選的前立委涂醒哲今天指出，教育部修改歷史課綱對台灣... 
US welcomes unprecedented cross-Strait meeting in China: The United States on Tuesday welcomed the first forma... 
地球公民基金會記者會 譴責日月光: 地球公民基金會上午舉行記者會，透過越洋視訊連線，與責任科技國際運動網路執行長泰德．史密斯共同譴責日... 
戶政系統出包 朱立倫:事後親自送府: 新北市長朱立倫今天上午到深坑、石碇戶政事務所視察，朱立倫要求若因系統出狀況，民眾無法當場辦妥，戶政... 
Bribe-taking former Party official gets 17 years: A former Party official of a county in North China's Hebei P... 
龍應台到基隆港了解倉庫都更案: 關於基隆市西倉庫都更案，文化部長龍應台上午到基隆港西2號倉庫聆聽簡報，並到西3號倉庫會勘，龍應台指... 
India-China Year of Friendly Exchanges launched in Indian capital: Indian Vice President Mohammad Hamid Ansari... 
甜蜜情人節 「自拍」要三思: 近日來數名模特兒陸陸續續被散播裸露、不雅照，被稱為「裸照門」，而這些照片、影片不乏疑似前男友惡意流... 
國健署長邱淑媞擬參選宜蘭縣長: 「慎重考慮！」對於是否參選下一屆宜蘭縣長，國民健康署署長邱淑媞表示，一直以來都掛心這件事，上午10... 
澳門博弈股 春節豐收: 澳門博彩本月首周（春節檔期）收入達83億澳門元（約新台幣315億元），較去年同期增加25%。各大投... 
馬總統：兩岸關係和平史上意義非凡: 歷史性的「王張會」昨天在南京紫金山莊舉行，馬英九總統昨天說，這是兩岸自民國卅八年隔海分治以來，首次... 
Ritual remains: Main: An archaeological site in Qingjian, Northwest China’s Shaanxi Province which dates back ... 
Commission publicizes 10 transgressions: The Commission for Political and Legal Affairs of the Communist Party... 
美前太平洋司令訪蘇貞昌: 美國智庫「國家亞洲研究局」(National Bureau of Asian Research，N... 
Rigid accounting for govt financial records: Premier Li: Chinese Premier Li Keqiang has urged strict budget ma... 
Judges on the run: Most observers would assume that being a judge trumps being a lawyer. It is assumed that ju... 
The ins and outs of China's 'sex capital': A three-month crackdown on the sex trade in entertainment venues in... 
Cross-Straits officials agree to regular communication: The Chinese mainland and Taiwan on Tuesday agreed to r... 
土汙標準擬放寬 工業區不管鋅: 環保署擬修正土壤汙染管制標準，放寬工業區鎘、鎳、汞、銅4項重金屬，刪除鋅、總鉻2項，但農地、一般地... 
Pakistan president to visit China: Pakistani President Mamnoon Hussain will pay a state visit to China from Fe... 
Nilda Fernandez, l'homme libre: 

          Chanson           

... 
Crackdown ordered on prostitution's 'protective umbrella': Authorities said on Monday that people who have pro... 
回應大改組？ 政院：應有一定穩定性: 台北市長郝龍斌認為內閣改組幅度不夠，行政院發言人鄭麗文今天回應，尊重郝市長的看法，但內閣應有一定的... 
Optical illusion: Perfect photo angle makes 16-story building appear paper-thin: A triangular-shaped building ... 
連勝文結束美國行程返台: 國民黨中央委員連勝文前往美國首府華盛頓參加國家祈禱早餐會，接著轉往西岸洛杉磯拜訪僑社等單位，結束行... 
陸媒首稱陸委會 仍未稱王「主委」: 陸委會主委王郁琦今天率團抵達南京，進行歷史性的「兩岸事務首長會議」，這是我政府官員首次以正式官銜登... 
顧立雄提整合方案 柯文哲沒意見: 民進黨提名台北市長參選人人選未定，律師顧立雄上午舉行記者會，提出整合方案，希望3月底前先完成黨內初... 
外交部講習會 金缺席沈出席: 為推動跨太平洋夥伴協定(TPP)及區域全面經濟夥伴關係(RCEP)，外交部17日將召回相關17國代... 
去年營建噪音陳情案 六都占九成: 「吵死人了！」房價居高不下，各地營建工程不斷，噪音陳情案也大增，環保署今天發表統計，全台去年營建工... 
靜止戶解凍期程立委要求清楚公告: 親民黨立委李桐豪舉行記者會表示，金管會去年底已發函各金融機構，要求三月底前主動將靜止戶解凍。立法院... 
Drama school auditions see fierce competition: China's Central Academy of Drama sees thousands of applicants e... 
國防部：發現敵機3分鐘內完成警報發放: 國防部上午舉行例行記者會，說明今年萬安37號防空演習實施日期，全民防衛動員室主任殷榮源指出，各地區... 
立院曾要求 不准簽文件: 「王張會」今登場，傳出陸方要求與台灣簽署共識「備忘錄」，做為下次會面基礎；不過，立法院上會期曾通過... 
Mainland, Taiwan to hold first official meet in 65 yrs: Chinese mainland and Taiwan officials overseeing cross... 
沙特男子考试后忘取出作弊小抄 留耳朵内20年: 据俄罗斯媒体10日报道，一名沙特阿拉伯人在20年前考试结束后，忘记从耳朵内取出作弊用的小抄，直到不久前耳朵开始剧烈疼痛去看了医生，才发现这一学生时代的“遗产”。
这位男子称... 
Frozen falls: A tourist poses in front of the famous Lushan waterfall on Monday in Jiangxi Province. A cold fr... 
Agency head runs off with clients’ cash: The manager of an unregistered employment agency in Qingpu district h... 
課綱拍板 綠委要求教育部長下台: 教育部今晚核定高中歷史教科書課綱微調案，民進黨立委鄭麗君今晚表示，教育部長蔣偉寧漠視社會各界接連不... 
More children, fewer jobs: For six months, Lin Qiao has been searching in vain for a job, seeking opportunitie... 
China's e-finance boom may kick brick-and-mortar banks to the curb: China's e-finance boom was heralded by the... 
China spent 6.6 bln USD on schoolhouse renovation: The Chinese government has spent nearly 40 billion yuan ($6... 
Four Chinese officials punished for breaking anti-corruption guidelines: Four discipline officials have receiv... 
基隆港西碼頭都更 文史界抗議: 擁有80年歷史的基隆港西2、3號碼頭倉庫，被基隆市政府劃為都更預定地，將改建為新的旅客大樓，引發文... 
棄天橋闖馬路 男遭撞飛慘死: 38歲保安公司東主劉家偉昨凌晨在尖沙咀漆咸道南與加連威老道交界，疑貪方便棄用扶手電梯停駛的行人天橋... 
Tinariwen made in USA: 

          Musique touarègue          

... 
Tourism boom spurs employment in Xinjiang: The swarming tourist population powered explosive employment growth... 
三亚明文禁止裸泳裸晒: 路透北京2月10日 -中国三亚市政府明文禁止在公共海滩裸泳裸晒，违者将视情节轻重给予相应处罚。三亚当局将安排警力值守进行劝阻，同时还将用喇叭和监控摄像头进行取证和劝阻。     
228連假台鐵加開180列次疏運: 台鐵為228連續假期疏運旅客需要，從2月27日（星期四）起到3月3日（星期一），全線加開各級列車總... 
H7N9 bird flu kills another in China: Health authorities in East China's Anhui Province on Monday reported the... 
民間團體反對調整課綱: 教育部農曆年前通過「高中國文及社會領域課程綱要微調」，引發文史教育團體、高中教師抗議，認為教育部長... 
柯文哲值大夜跑選舉: 有意參選台北市長的醫師柯文哲出席「北投慈幼宮媽祖遶境活動」，昨晚在台大醫院值大夜的柯醫師，早上11... 
問題尖銳？ 孫立群接受專訪尿遁: 即將接任行政院發言人的孫立群上午立刻接受廣播媒體專訪，接受媒體「考驗」。他表示，願意接下政院發言人... 
President Xi's interview in Sochi draws high comments: Chinese President Xi Jinping's latest interview with Ro... 
海南三亞漁民 春節過後開漁忙: 馬年春節剛過，海南三亞的漁民經過休整，又開始忙著出海捕魚，大批新鮮的海產源源不斷地供應市場，漁港碼... 
Is Sochi ready? 
Cold hard cash: A man holds a cardboard job ad for service staff in the snow Sunday at a human resources marke... 
Maritime rights ‘formed by history’: A Chinese foreign ministry spokesman said on Saturday that China’ s marit... 
美媒吐槽俄电台修改画面 播放"五环"成功绽放: 俄罗斯国家电视台7日播放了索契冬奥会开幕式的画面，画面上五朵雪绒花变成奥林匹克的五环标志，然后喷出璀璨的烟火。但问题是，这其实并没有发生。
美联社2月7日报道指出，索契冬奥... 
Sex worker exposé puts legalization in focus: An undercover investigation by China Central Television (CCTV) h... 
66-year-old beaten: Two men have been detained for beating up a 66-year-old man who asked them to calm down th... 
Another 3 human H7N9 cases in China: Three more people were confirmed to be infected with H7N9 bird flu in two... 
連勝文訪美 鎖定祈禱早餐會: 國民黨中央委員連勝文旋風式造訪華府，上個星期三（5日）晚上到，星期五一早就走，真正活動的時間只有一... 
Another human H7N9 case reported in China: An elderly man had been confirmed as infected with H7N9 bird flu in... 
過年狂吃「胃爆炸」 腹腔開刀竟噴火: 春節過年怪事一籮筐，有位南京女子大吃大喝導致「胃爆炸」，手術時腹腔還噴出可燃氣體，最後不得不全胃切... 
康寧祥回憶錄《台灣，打拼》座談會: 康寧祥為出版的回憶錄《台灣，打拼》出席台北國際書展座談會，會中談到現今的民進黨缺乏一位有信心的領導... 
Nanjing Massacre is undeniable: After a director of Japanese public broadcaster NHK attempted to deny the Nanj... 
胡志強：最重要的民調是投票: 駐美代表金溥聰將回台接掌國安會秘書，外傳他可能著手整頓選務，並對民調過低的參選人陣前換將？爭取競選... 
Blizzard disrupts traffic in east China: Dozens of flights were delayed and several highways were closed after... 
胡志強：沒有與連戰同行計畫: 對於國民黨榮譽主席連戰17日要赴大陸，正爭取台中市長連任的胡志強上午指出，他尚沒有與連戰同行計畫，... 
全台燈會燒4億 朱立倫：各有其成本效益: 隨著元宵節即將登場，全台各地燈會陸續邁入高峰，然而也引來「全台燈會燒掉四億元」的批評；新北市長朱立... 
China on blizzard alert: China's meteorological authority on Saturday issued a blue alert for blizzards that w... 
朱立倫撇清名嘴「總統府祕書長」一說: 有名嘴指出，馬總統意屬新北市長朱立倫接任總統府祕書長；對此，朱立倫上午斬釘截鐵地說: 「放心啦，不... 
China increasing coverage of serious illness insurance: China will expand a program that enables people with s... 
Xi hails development of China-Russia ties: Chinese President Xi Jinping said in an interview aired Saturday th... 
出席兩岸台商會 馬：盼經濟突破年: 「今年是台灣經濟突破年及衝刺年。」總統馬英九7日出席「中華兩岸台商建研會成立大會」表示，上任6年來... 
Hungry bear loose in NYC 
陸股時評／家電汽車 短線亮點: 熱錢尚未明顯流出，大陸國內流動性負面影響不明顯；從資料來看，海外市場動盪並未對國內造成顯著影響，截... 
韩媒：研究称女性对大脸男人易产生好感: 据韩国《亚洲经济》报道，某研究小组针对150名18～32岁单身男女进行了3分钟的约会实验，结果显示脸越大的男性越能在短时间内收获女人心。之前另一研究表明身高越高的男性越能掌握主导权... 
兔子打洞帮考古队在英国挖出大量石器时代文物: 
据英国《镜报》2月5日报道，近日，一群兔子在英国西南端的海角挖出大量石器时代的文物。考古学家2月4日表示，打洞的兔子们挖出了新石器时代的箭头、打火石、刮刀等。
兔子打洞使得... 
Centrafrique: le gouvernement condamne les actes "barbares": Product type: VidéoNews datetime: 20140207T174307... 
China urges US to drop ADIZ remarks: China on Saturday urged the United States to drop irresponsible remarks o... 
顧立雄、柯文哲 出席台北市議會活動: 有意參選台北市長的顧立雄（右）與柯文哲（左）參加台北市議會活動時，面對民進黨台北市長提名懸而未決的... 
Chinese president wraps up Sochi trip: Chinese President Xi Jinping on Saturday left the Russian Black Sea res... 
移民年增服務案件亦增加: 內政部統計處指出，隨著移民人口成長，2013年內政部入出國及移民署「各縣市服務站」提供在台外來人口... 
馬習會不會 非金溥聰能左右: 駐美代表金溥聰將回台出任國家安全會議秘書長，媒體紛傳這項職務安排是為了促成馬英九總統與大陸國家主席... 
蔡英文說內閣改組像政治性安排: 前民進黨主席蔡英文今天上午陪高雄市陳菊到內門區參拜南海紫竹寺、內門紫竹寺及順賢宮幾間廟宇，針對內閣... 
顧立雄批評民進黨中央沒有作為: 有意參選台北市長的律師顧立雄今天上午接受廣播專訪，他說，現在有一股氛圍，黨內初選要納入黨外的特定人... 
Chinese, Afghan presidents agree to promote ties: Chinese President Xi Jinping and his Afghan counterpart, Ham... 
Meet Monsieur Reform: François Hollande: Why the world needs France's president to succeed in reviving his cou... 
台湾举行反日反台独游行 要求教材删除亲日言论:  
Unshrinking selfie: A swimmer poses for his own portrait at Houhai Lake in Beijing on Friday when the capital ... 
民進黨前主席蔡英文 高雄看燈會: 民進黨前主席蔡英文今天晚間在高雄市長陳菊邀請下，專程南下觀賞高雄燈會活動，沿途受到許多遊客歡迎，要... 
每天步行可长寿！美国公布长寿的14个潜质: 1.出生时母亲还年轻。 美国芝加哥大学科学家研究发现，一个人出生时母亲年龄如果不到25岁，他们活到100岁的几率是出生时母亲超过25岁的人的两倍。
2.爱喝茶。 一项针对4.0... 
China welcomes neighbors' prosperity, firmly safeguards peripheral security: Recent events have demonstrated t... 
蔡英文：金接任國安會秘書長 布局不足: 民進黨前主席蔡英文今晚9點由高雄市長陳菊陪同遊愛河賞花燈時，被問及對內閣改組一事的看法。蔡英文認為... 
China to build unified pension system for urban, rural residents: China will integrate the basic old-age insur... 
行政院發言人由孫立群接任: 行政院7日發布新聞稿，行政院發言人鄭麗文因個人生涯規劃請辭，發言人之職將由現任公平會副主委孫立群接... 
永續和平 馬盼兩岸不兵戎相見: 總統馬英九今天說，希望兩岸永不再兵戎相見，達到永續和平。這要透過各種努力，使雙方都不願以使用武力為... 
檢批黃世銘：濫權腐化、迴避問題: 檢察總長黃世銘被控洩密案，台北地院下午進行辯論。檢方痛斥黃「絕對的權力導致絕對的腐化」，黃既然站在... 
China's current account surpluses continue: China's current account surplus in the fourth quarter of 2013 reac... 
Aziza Brahim et l’héritage sahraoui: 

          Musique du Maghreb          
      ... 
行政院發言人鄭麗文去職 將轉戰電子媒體: 行政院發言人鄭麗文（圖）下午舉行記者會，說明辭去發言人職務將轉戰電子媒體，並表示內閣改組「到此為止... 
洩密案 黃世銘再批北檢起訴有誤: 檢察總長黃世銘被控洩密案，台北地院下午馬拉松開庭審理。黃世銘砲火猛攻台北地檢署起訴有誤，只拿他呈給... 
Beijing hospitals treat fewer firework injuries: Hospitals in Beijing treated fewer patients injured by firewo... 
30年全家福 掀「曬親情」熱潮: 北京女網民「小萌子」日前在微博上傳與父親30年來的合照，意外掀起一陣「曬親情熱潮」。江蘇常州37歲... 
Delayed snowfall quenches thirst of Beijing: It has been a long time in coming, but the first snow of the wint... 
金溥聰掌國安會 綠批無視台美關係: 駐美代表金溥聰將出任國安會秘書長，民進黨發言人張惇涵說，馬政府為了選舉而讓金溥聰換來換去，是無視台... 
Chinese ambassador to Fiji criticizes Abe's Yasukuni Shrine visit, refutes Japanese ambassador: Chinese ambass... 
George Clooney's Art of War: Monuments Men recalls fight at the museum 
國防部「菁英專案」 陸軍官校登場: 為招募學生報考軍校，今年國防部將邀請超過300位符合「已完成軍校招生體檢作業，體檢合格且有意願報考... 
Suspected WWII bomb found in HK island: Firefighters work at the venue where a suspected World War II bomb was... 
陳以真宣布參選嘉義市長: 前青輔會主委陳以真今天上午在嘉義市市定古蹟美術館預定地菸酒公賣局嘉義分局，宣布參選市長，她獨自由助... 
HK police disables WWII bomb in downtown: Hong Kong police announced Friday that it has successfully disabled ... 
Facebook answers dad's emotional plea 
Long marcher: Xiao Meili began her 2,150-kilometer-long walk from Beijing to Guangzhou in September last year.... 
Severe weather causes holiday migration chaos: Rain and snow have disrupted the journeys of millions of people... 
Changchun takes the long road to modern urban development: After exploring and shifting between five sets of s... 
US presses on South China Sea: The US on Wednesday urged Beijing to clarify or adjust its claims in the South ... 
The New Dating Game: Smartphone apps have turned courtship into an addictive pastime. Can love really be just ... 
金溥聰與連勝文在美握手致意 破除傳言: 我駐美代表金溥聰與有意參選台北市長的國民黨中央委員連勝文，今天在美國華府祈禱早餐會場上相遇，兩人禮... 
Official accused of rape faces new trial in Australia: A Chinese official accused of raping a student tour gui... 
全球十三处令人惊叹的自然奇景:  
Beijing reports second human H7N9 case: Beijing has confirmed this year's second human case of the H7N9 bird f... 
新任監委試委 吳敦義促自我推薦: 為擴大選才、舉薦優秀監察委員及考試委員人選，監察委員與考試委員提名審薦小組召集人、副總統吳敦義籲請... 
The Quantum Quest for a Revolutionary Computer: Quantum computing uses strange subatomic behavior to exponenti... 
H7N9 vaccine created: Shanghai has developed a genetic vaccine for the H7N9 bird flu, Shanghai Television Stat... 
奥地利动物保护者变身海豚 抗议日本渔民猎杀行为:  
China pledges more efforts to enhance water management: China's Ministry of Water Resources said it has establ... 
派遣專法草案出爐 上限3%: 勞委會今天下午臨時召開委員會討論「派遣勞工保護法」草案，除規定派遣工與一般員工「同工同酬」，也負面... 
Making tracks: Millions of Chinese are on their way back to big cities for work after the annual week-long Spr... 
通保法救濟程序 已生效: 刑事訴訟法關於監聽的救濟規定已經生效，司法院刑事廳長蔡彩貞指出，不服監聽的民眾，即日起可於收到監聽... 
