  har? 功课？什么来的？可以吃的吗？
RT : Forget yesterday. It's a new day.
": Shot a new video! Lots of editing to be done. I AM EXCITE. " Cant wait omg please hurry up a little :D
31 pages of 2014 gone and what did i do ?? D:
Day 1- temple+buffet lunch+swimming +firecrackers =]
CNY is definitely my fav season in a year. Food and angpaus ?? Oh yes.
Reunion dinner + fire crackers + cute cousins made my day.
#MOREMOTA #MOREMOTA
me when i see ugly shots of myself: *a bunch of words that u surely wont want to hear* ughhh i wasnt ready for the cameraaa. #candid
happy birthdayyy brooke &lt;3 &lt;3 ilysm 
": Writing the last verse of After Ever After part 2... Snow White or Rapunzel?" So exciteddd just post it alrdy !!
 get well soon ~~
 lana del *rey. Sorry. Darn autocorrect
RT : I know I may not always show it, but you really do mean a lot to me. ♥
 imma barbie girl, in a barbie world, made of plastic, lifes fantastic
RT : "我开始一点点的看透人情世故 开始越来越不爱说话 好像沉默会比较少烦恼 我开始一点点的看透爱情友情 开始越来越不爱主动 似乎沉默会比较少受伤 我慢慢长大 慢慢成熟 也开始慢慢对这个世界没有感觉 充满厌倦 一路有人叮嘱 你要学会适应生活 改变…
MALEFICENT is DEFINITELY  a MUST WATCH MOVIE. Lana del ray n angelina jolie in one movie = HECK YEAH BABE. Who wants ?? XDD
Acappella is like THE coolest thing ever
Reboost all my energy today, finish le pile of crappy hmewrk for d next few days, n GET KARAYZEH ON CNY !!! #badass
The absence of brooke and paige gives me a heartache. #dancemoms
TJHS. TJC. J2E. 12. 13232. 
The above may seem to be a bunch of meaningless  numbers and letters to you, but to me they mean the world. &lt;3
新年歌比赛甲组超好看的 :)
I AM FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
i have a test with 5 poems and a speech to memorize in less than 10 hours. wait, whutttttt.
zilch hmewrk done n here i am tweeting. #ohyeah
RT : sometimes you gotta fall before you fly
RT : Lorde is 17 years old and performed on the grammys and I am on my couch eating food I need to step my game up...
 你已经很瘦很高了咯 -.-
Sushi to end my weekend with a bang !! #foodporn
RT : Singing helps reduce feelings of depression and anxiety, increases oxygen to your lungs and improves quality of sleep.
RT : Last is just the slowest winner ;)
 duhh. Ur hmewrk is selling kangkung u dont rmb d meh tsk tsk
  naomi 你的眼光太好了~~哦耶 拍拍手
A bit glad n sad at d same time cz i think we cud perform much better.  i was daydreaming on stage dat time I dont rmb wat i did/sing at all
To all the people out there. We didnt get in to the finals of the cny song competition. So wether its a good or bad thing thats all up to u.
  dunno 听到有人喊 还是我幻听 哈哈
Checking out online shops on insta while im supposed to be doing hmewrk.
  然后男生一直喊伟洛 建智 的名字 哈哈哈
TGIS GUYSS. 
ONLY IJDEPENT SKULS STURENTS KNOW WHST IS THAT ALL ABT. ^
  it dropped price right lololol
those who hve time tmr 11.30-12.30pm, feel free to stop by at the hall n meet the "hayley williams" . rmb to ask for her autograph :D #jk
there comes a time to face the dangers n consequences. (aka the competition for tmr) u know what? im not readyyyy ahhhhhhhhh
 yeah. one starts with a h n other starts with a m. big difference woahhh.
 walao :( are u coming tmr? come lahhhh . take care yo, cny wanna come rdy  lehh a po.
 thankieww miss kangkung.u can stop by n sell kangkung to the fellow audiences. im sure they wont mind.1 for 0.50?
Im so nervousvfor tmr. Wish me good luck.please .
Hayleyyy williamsss
 @bylovecathlyn nvrmind im too cool for that trololololol xD
 @bylovecathlyn ur a manager with 老人痴呆   i fired  u last week for dumping a stash of kangkung in my limo.
 @bylovecathlyn  yeah i'll gladly accept it u two want front row tickets ?? U can pay me for it, no nid to thank me.
@bylovecathlyn  Cathu two made me spit water today in class.Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
idk but so many ppl are getting sick these days. COME ON PEOPLE. CNY IS COMING. SERIOUSLY? take care yo.
dreading the day.
RT : Daniel Radcliffe broke over 80 wands while filming the Harry Potter movies because he used them as drumsticks.
 ya meh billy say nid check class grp
 no i want hang gai oni xD i gt one pair of converse rdy my mom sure dont let buy de larh
 tmr need to wear sports tshirt ???
 jio me
the new 2 dramas on AOD seems really nice lolol. n 1 of it is even filmed in malaysia. #howcoolisthat #yay
monchichi
PITCH PERFECT &lt;3 u'll be crazy to not laff it.
 对我来说很少咯 我家也有 最多星期一给你吃啦啦啦
some people are worth melting for &lt;3
kristina webb is seriously the best artist ever &lt;3 
am i the only one who counts how many hours you have left to sleep just before sleeping?
never knew drawing agnes 's face could be that hard. #arthmewrk
 kc confession page lol -.-
Yeah. Bike riding with my bro is like 100% with him riding n 100% of me walking. Cuz i still dk how to ride a bike. Dont judgee
RT : I hate people who judge people just because of what music they like.
 craziness can be contagious sometimes
 我吃了两粒 哈哈
  -.-
": 有一些曾经很好很好的朋友 曾经以为是一辈子的朋友 却不经意的慢慢的变成陌生人 这就是人生啊"
 betcha love smelly longkangs too bby &lt;3 #inyoface
Did u notice that even if u're online , i didnt make the first move to chat with u anymore . Its not because idc. Its cuz im too tired to.
RT : Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.
teenager: 
too young for half the things u want to do and too old for the other half.
nutella= heaven in a jar
 有没有跟梁可莹讲哦你
  for
 dor u only mah. #whyyyyy
 今天emo eh 我
Maths is srsly the worse thing ever invented. #mybraindied
Cant believe that amanda c went home :( shes a super fab dancer. Awww. #whyabby #audcs1 #dancemoms
@bylovecathlyn MCKANGKUNG !! #nooffense
 ok larh. acceptable xD
 应该不用呱 我不打算带
 10.10am- 11.30am i think
yeah so about the 户外考察 tbh i didnt fulfill my duty for doing the secretary. sorry if i offended u or smthing . i'll be good. mehehehe,
 我跟谁坐？不要恶心的/做过了的就可以了
muahahaha lovin my profile design!
RT : I tweet to express. Not to impress.
 开玩笑 -.-
me: why is everyone else so tall? 
me:why is everyone else so pretty? 
me: why is everyone else so slim? 
me: why am i like a potato?
u know its cold outside when you go outside n its cold. #whatamisaying #captainobvious
  这种话只有念慈才讲得出口
ed sheeran &lt;3 paramore &lt;3 one republic &lt;3 coldplay &lt;3 owl city &lt;3
 Xinying Lee . With a very cute profile pic of me n ny cousins surrounding a pot in beijing

 take picture of 1201 bank soalan pg86 n send it to me via fb pleasee. I didnt bring it ytd n joyee yap forgot to borrow me.
 nothing jor lah u still wanna draw gangnam horse on it mehhhh
 if u wanna add the 'da bai ci' thing, u can
  我们从吉他讲到这个 太厉害了
   组长 组员 名字 班号
  dont shy shy
  摆酒不要忘记我们啊
 write ' 我是大白痴 欢迎大家揍我 free de mari mari '
  找不到 嘛
  means *ehem* 你觉得叻
  color leh
  u see qian ying mention joel first means she xxx lah
  guitar or violin orh
 guitar ??
 fuiyohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now wish right now wish right now
blasting songs thru youtube while doing homework = keep searching for other songs n not doing any homework at all.
Goodnite world.
 yeah n imitate their sounds too haha. I gotta sleep rdy larh goodbyeee
 unfortunately yes . Wanna be our dance choreographer ? We can pretend to be farm animals n lumber on the stage.
 other than her
 nope. U sat v her before too lah. Moomoo Mcevil xD
 yerr 口水 haha
  she 伴奏 吹笛 btw im her 同座 now xD
 afterward the poslaju postman makan himself xD
 bojioooooo
   wish us good luck. N dont sing too badly.
  u pity me but u type a laughing emoticon :(
  不是突然选 音乐科代表 慧昕 填我 纯廷 妍琪 黄俊榕 柯旭洺 过后男生不要 所以就叫欣媚 慧琳 :(
  比较像节哀咯
  25/1 初赛。 演唱歌曲- 恭喜恭喜 so its kind of ironic that u just 恭喜 us just now T^T
  nooooooooooooooooooooooo. D:
  我，妍琪，慧琳，纯廷，欣媚。T^T
happy birthdayyy 
  omg lol
 补习功课很难 T^T take care xD
catching up with my old pal- homework. wassup buddy? i dont miss u. please go away.
Homework =  Just do it. NEVER.
Pizza for dinner !! #CravingSatisfied
  i'll be waiting :D
RT : Maggie Smith (Professor McGonagall) battled cancer while filming the last Harry Potter movie because she didn't want to d…
 u're making me excited ;p
listening to a straight 30 min pitch perfect soundtrack while doing hmewrk really lessens the pain
 你是2岁的 哈哈
  print 1 and send 1
homeworkkkk UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH #excusemyranting
the feeling u get when u get bck frm a tiring day n all u want to do is eat, sleep and repeat.
RT : OMG wth this is so cute I just.. ❤ RT : Bethany Mota Clothing Line &lt;3 
RT : RT if you want this backyard 

Art hmewrk must use paint draw ?? Or can use other materials ??
too tired to care.
 ok tq tq &lt;3
 有得看么 那里
  haizz ok la
  answer weihh
  tmr can see?
RT : Music is my painkiller.
RT : Don't change yourself just to make someone else happy. If that person truly loves you, there's no reason for a change.
 karyouu xD
  who ? Me arh ? I know larh.. tqtq xD
    弄到我很想看横幅 xD 做完了的么
  当然咯 我的两只gangnam style horse xD
 hope our stuff still alive :( 不要被男生蹂躏到死掉
  nice anot oh the 横幅
 *take
 idk i oso taker bck 1 pair of scissors oni :( maybe the boys take n play then dunno put where :(
  不够你们8咯 sama sama lah
  横幅做到怎样
  fuiyorhhhhhh who who who
3rd day of a rainy aftr school marathonn
Third day of school suckss :(
Swimming in my own pool of serious disappointment cuz the booth i really wanted to go at publika was cancelled. #Whyyyyyy
2nd day of skul ended v rain, soggy shoes, wet bags,bad traffic, floating garbage,pushy crowds,grumpy parents n unlucky tsunjin-ians. -3-
thank you  for the souvenirs &lt;3 爱死你哟 :*
yeah so 1st day of school is alright i guess. meh. #howcanifillthoseremaining300pgswithcolor
the fact that school 's starts tmr is truly unacceptable.
today is the first page of chapter 2014. make this chapter of 365 pgs worth reading.
whats a better start to a new year than going shopping with beloved fam+ fav cousin? yay.
 B103？
 你们两个买给我吧 ~
 希望不会咯 听说如果是那个男老师教会很惨
RT : Happens every year.. 
sucking on a red white pink striped mint flavored candy-cane while watching tv cuz im just dat mature. #happy2014
RT @xiuhanfinity: RT IF U SEE UR IDOLS

EXO
BIGBANG
SHINEE
SNSD
2NE1 
APINK
GIRLS DAY
VIXX
BTS
WINNER
SUPER JUNIOR 

#openfollow
2013 is 99.5% done. lets leave all the sad and unpleasant memories behind and take all the happy things with u to 2014.happy new year's eve!
 #drama #astroondemand
Altho i like her too but idk y so many ppl r crushing on her #何慧真
my profile bckground sucks.but idk how to change it. stahp guys. stahp having perf profile bckgrounds.
  没有，只有谦盈最神经 :)
the 3d2n leadership camp was a blast :D fun and learnt lots~ thankieww 高三筹委团 xoxo will miss em damn much )":
yea so its over. #my盛lady im feeling so freakin happy n sad at d same time now. happy cuz its a happy ending, sad cuz its over.&lt;33
 :3
@bylovecathlyn 生孙吃酸饼. lol its all moldy n yuck.
STARTING SOON OH EM GEE
1-ish hour more to #my盛lady :D #countdown
 广男+花女bb &lt;3 &lt;3 laura 走开ah  D:
 广男+花女bb &lt;3 &lt;3 laura 走开 D:
@bylovecathlyn piak xD
@bylovecathlyn  ifkr same here lol
4-ish hours more 2  d epic finale of d best tvb (aod)drama i've ever seen this year #my盛lady 20 eps is like too short 4 me. Shud b 30/40 aww
