 晚安了
 用auto ISO會唔會幫到做compensation?
 咁點解唔用A mode 開大光圈？
 I wish I had some too...
 這個是所有modes𥚃面我最唔識用的⋯⋯
 嗯，那老師應該讓同學用推特發問問題  XP
 什麼是professional mode~~~?
 反駁一下不是有趣多？
been reading the D610 manual for a whole day.. so headache…
I'm at Coffee Corner 咖啡閣 (Ma Liu Shui, Hong Kong) 
RT : Holy crap. RT  The fifth ring during the Opening Ceremony DIDN’T OPEN 
不錯 (@ 喜喜日本料理) 
正呀喂 @ 喜喜日本料理 
  AV界從此多一個 Category
RT : I’ll Never Look At China The Same After Working For An Insanely Wealthy Family In Hangzhou  via @BI_Th…
  成名的代價⋯
RT : 在《灌籃高手》大獲成功之後，井上雄彥利用漫畫的收入，於2006年創立了“灌籃高手獎學金”，用於支持日本高中畢業生赴美國大學打球。 井上雄彥支付這些球員在美國期間的所有學費和生活費，希望可以讓“谷澤”的悲劇不會重演 http://t.co/VfV…
I am coming for ya, D610
I'm at MTR Mong Kok East Station 旺角東站 (Mong Kok) 
 比ICQ更久～
 原來如此⋯
又作病了
RT : Scarlett Johansson 😍 
RT : Kate Winslet และ Scarlett Johansson ยอมโชว์หน้าสดในนิตยสาร Vanity Fair ฉบับล่าสุด 
Love Scarlett! “ Scarlett Johansson &amp; Kate Winslet go without makeup in  —Anyone else loving this? ”
 幹麼要逃？ #我又唔係猩猩王
 想不到⋯
我覺得曱甴被擊中但也不死這回事太屈機了。
 是20年前的東西嗎？
D610向我招手了。 ＃敗家仔
RT : There are more than 1,000 chemicals in a single cup of coffee. Of these, only 26 have been tested and half caused canc…
RT :    你敬我一尺，我敬你—丈，英美兩國駐港鬼婆鬼佬領事都以廣東話向香港人拜年，顯示佢地尊重香港本土文化，我會樂意用英文同佢地溝通，邊班人嘗試消滅香港文化，絕唔需要比面，明未?
 Check out 梨巴王子 (馬鞍山新港城廣場海濤居17號地舖) on : 
 神龍指定要見你唷。XD
 神龍真的出現了～ 
 一定係咪酒啦
"有誠意，有創意。人齊才可入座。" @:  #foursquare
 大鑊，剛吃掉一顆珠了！
 馬𩣑山
七龍珠 #food #hk #dessert @ 梨巴王子 
I'm at 梨巴王子 
梨巴王子 - 一間有heart的甜品店 
 食個這間未？
 正呀喂～
RT : “: 粵語嘅精萃。。。 ”
咁有誠意的燒味飯，簡直想流淚。#food #hk @ 一輝燒味小廚茶餐廳 
我的第一次⋯ (@ 一輝燒味小廚茶餐廳) 
I'm at MTR Tai Wai Station 大圍站 (Tai Wai) 
 你身在其中至咁亂啫。（我估）
 我冇乜經驗，斷估你豐富過我。 XP
 施主，送你兩個字：睇情況
 諗咁多做乜野，傷身呀。 一問便知龍與凰。 :P
 如果話佢話冇意思呢？
   中產的收入，上流的支出，貧窮的生活。
RT : 辭職公投,把政制發展決定權還給港人!  偽民主派賣港實錄(續篇 27Jan更新版)下載點： #政改諮詢
   但貧賤的界線愈來愈闊了，唉⋯
 如何才較不含蓄，更具霸氣呢？
 佢係粉皮的話，你係咪雞絲？
人工不必𢭃盡，留三成入息與人，留些碎紙與己。 ­
“: 
鋒芒不必露盡，留三分餘地與人，留些深斂與己。 ­
有功不必邀盡，留三分餘地與人，留些謙讓與己。 ­
得理不必搶盡，留三分餘地與人，留些寬和與己。”
 這個很有可能⋯⋯
應該列為奧運項目。“: 修陰肌「外國性愛教練阿納米早前發布新影片，稱練習陰道舉重對女性有諸般好處。她指陰道就如臂上的二頭肌，無法單靠屈曲收緊鍛煉，故需使用特製的陰道啞鈴練習舉重，並列舉鍛煉陰道的十項理由，包括增強性慾、帶來前所未有的高潮。」”
我看不透我看不透我看不透我看不透我看不透我看不透我看不透我看不透我看不透我看不透我看不透我看不透我看不透我看不透我看不透
RT :  其實只要融入本地社會就冇問題，係有部份大陸人（可惜唔係少到可以忽略）堅持自己果套排隊打尖、撞到人唔出聲、大小二便隨地解決⋯
RT : The first day they met, and the last day of filming. 
Lark one day 真的叫人忐忑
 咁要多d福利至吸引到群眾喎. XP
 似乎你需要一個zoom Len
“所以一個人來自健康的家庭，他就一輩子蒙福，所謂「健康的家庭」指的不是功能健全，而是擁有「真正的親密與分享」而不是一大堆「正確的做人道理跟規定」，健康的家庭不是一種理念而是一種經驗。”  via Shiau Liu－幸福說明書（二）

“婚姻對現代人來說就是二隻猛獸不知怎的尾巴被綁在一起，卻往相反的方向逃竄，過程中做出了所有可能傷害對方的事，當然也傷了自己，更糟的是；他們還有了下一代，於是；不快樂的下一代做出了所有上一代難以想像的事，因為他們裡面存在著上一代永遠都不明白的憤怒與混亂” via Shiau Liu
“當你我無意中把「討好」當作真愛，就是「不知道自己在做什麼」，結果愈是委屈求全，對方就愈不珍惜自己，然後自己就愈憤怒挫折，但是還是不敢得罪對方，久了以後就形成心理疾病⋯⋯為什麼一個人要討好別人卻不自覺？” via Shiau Liu 
  ＃其實唔難
今天開會其中一人是位前任老師，當討論到評選學生的準則時，重點竟是如何做得模糊點以至有人查問時留下一條後路。清晰而有效的系統不是更重要嗎？自補為上，就是作為一位老師久經訓練出來的品格嗎？ 令人失望。
“當我們開始愛一個人，就會啓動一個「期待」，如果不懂得怎麼處理，最後就會以「傷害」落幕，這種例子太多了。” via Shiau Liu

Shocked to know. “: It took J.R.R. Tolkien 14 years to type "The Lord of the Rings" book series using only two fingers.” #fb
 OMG!
The subtitle of lecture video is not working in both Safari and Chrome on my iPhone. #coursera #modelthinking
A cute cookie from my colleague #food #gift 
  =lover
 兩件事沒來就沒關係吧？
   = 寫實。 haha
   也對，但女生反串男生會較吸引
  then this is good news.
 they have a due date, which I don’t remember when.. :P
 對呀，但都好個春天～
  我食左個快的，跟住開會開到而家，一枱野都未做⋯⋯救命⋯⋯
 I believe not.  No way they can tell your score unless you do the quiz under ‘quiz’.
 wow, u finished both section 1 and 2 already?
 morning cat~
“: 香港的入境旅遊帶來的收入，於2011年只佔香港本地生產總值不足4%，為了蠅頭小利，卻要整個香港「開發旅遊景點」，陷全港市民於水深火熱之中”  #fb
  兩位早。
4倍⋯ 屌那星。 “: 蘋果日報- 領匯街市加租4倍趕絕小商戶 -  // 領匯耐唔耐就會主動提7你唔好忘記地產霸權。”
The #coursera app is useless, not to mention the subtitle, the video can’t even go full screen. #epicfail
 那上了課沒有？
Model thinking: 1. rare 2. better thinker 3. better use of data 4. decide, strategize and design
“2014.01.31 年初一尾場 軟硬 HeHa Opera 廣播道FANS殺人事件之你呃人篇”

「6、可以相信世上真的有美好堅貞的愛情，但是它只屬於牛郎織女、梁山伯祝英台、還有外國的羅密歐和茱麗葉。因為他們都沒有活很久。而我們是要活很久的。（學會珍惜）」

菜，是要來吃的。“: 路邊的野菜不要採。RT : 搵到最好就唔再試其他！ (抄送囡囡)RT :  試過野山菜未？”
It’s true. “: Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.”
 that’s why I dun wanna post on FB now
 那要看你說的是什麼經驗值了。
 也好，先謝過。
Can’t agree more. “: The hardest question ever = “Describe yourself”.”
 #年初四咁嘅樣
 可以分享一下嗎？
 情人眼裏出西C嘛
 （拍拍肩）
Think. Why is Sherlock so obsessed with solving crimes and playing mind games?
 worthiness. Best wishes to u! :)
 see? u have a good track record that supports my feeling. lol
 I have a feeling that u will break the record of last year~
 很高的評價，令人好奇。
  我叻d，一事無成之餘也沒有令身邊的人開心。
  這樣也好像不通，難道自閉的人的生命就沒價值？斷乎不是吧。 ‘nobody’ doesn’t make us no value. #question
跟住就會出現「新煌府」。 “: 只要炸咗呢間酒樓，香港就會少幾本雜誌。 (@ Palace Wedding Banquet Specialist 煌府婚宴專門店) ”
又是語言偽藝。“: 企業傳訊部班人實俾觀塘項目部激死。 RT : 市建局稱觀塘小販市集「無縫交接」只是概念 ”
RT : 保護廣東話，唔使講原因  所以我希望各位粵語人喺保護自己語言嘅時候，要有返啲正確認識，唔好做無謂嘅爭拗。同時要避免用錯資料，免得俾人喺啲旁枝末節捉到痛腳。
 
A wandering mind is dangerous.
開年 (@ V Cuisine 彩晶軒) 
 same here. Haha.
 好像過了新年客人很餓似的⋯⋯
RT : 教育局法定語言風波可用彭定康當年一句總結 「我感到憂慮的，不­是香港的自主權會被北京剝奪，而是這項權利會一點一滴地斷送在香港某些人手裡。」
 just food for thoughts. After all, you know yourself and the situation the best.
 So,If he loves u but dares not to go ahead now, even if u can kick start the relationship, it’ll unlikely work down the road
 Given the difference of ages that you mentioned, he will have to face more and greater challenges.
 (3) if he loves you and he is not mature or brave enough to take actions, you better move on. (cont’)
 If (2) he is not sure, there is not much you can do, unless you’re willing to wait.
 if I don’t love someone, unless I am a jerk, I wouldn’t ask someone to feed me bread. so I’d rule out (1) he doesn’t love u.
 say, there are 3 possibilities: 1) he doesn’t love you 2) he loves you and 3) he is not sure
 thanks. this is helpful and I am splitting mine too.
 then do you want to hear some analysis?
 好在問多句⋯⋯
 咁佢有冇逃跑？
 Excellent~!
 那會不會慢呢？
 這叫作幸福。
 我唔敢咁做囉。 #老餅
 明天要否上班？
  謝謝師兄。
 對，我是運吉的。 #新年快樂 #爛gag
 這個問題不用想太多，一日未開始或未問，你永遠也不知是否想得太多。
很冷。
 晚生不愛載錶，雖然平得很吸引～
 都未開始，諗多左都唔駛怕住啦。
 #師父明白了
 這個是美德丫～ XD
 姑娘，你說的是。
 看，你是多麼的精明～
 悶都會醉的話酒吧就唔駛做生意了。
 未必咁易俾人呃。
 咁又唔駛～醉醉地仲好。
 咁樣樣⋯⋯我都難判斷，從你冇／未請我食飯，我看未必。
 同你講兩句都醉～
 哈，自然反應，未有鋪排。 你也對，買了兩隻證明確是抵～
 醉左，暫解釋唔到。 哈
回想起，我輕狂的時間實在太短了。
 女人心，果然是海底針。
 平到一個應該要請食飯的地步！
 真係控制到？
 係呀， discount完左未呀？
  不知access相時會唔會慢？
 嘩～ 勁呀！
 比原價平好多？
 台灣的Siri 好像比香港的幽默。
“: Siri 😡😡😡單，挑。 ” 笑了～
 嗯，連Sherlock 也想不到。
 :O)))) 我低能了。
 are they for couple?
 is it too much for Flickr?
 wooow~~
 I feel ya, sister ~
“sometimes you need to climb up high just to as see how small you are” #NoteToMyself
 screen cap which part?
  九成是你想多了 （我指得了絕症那事⋯⋯）
 當然是第三個，$1433 啦～
 我個bank account出現倒退。
50-70 GB 的photo library算不算是過份呢？
So much to appreciate, regret, mourn and reflect as I am cleaning up my old photos…
 I dunno. Is it because I am exporting and importing photo libraries?
The speed of transfer of files within the same hard disk is only 20MB/sec…  It’s killing me…
 Sounds like you pretty like London. Have u paid a visit there before?
2TB HDD 入手。
A late lunch. -.- (@ 聯發牛什粉麵茶餐廳) 
 silly, of coz not a good thing. U won’t do this forever anyway (I bet). ;)
  I understand the bad feeling. But we do what we have to do when the necessity comes. #presson
 simply it’s a student life - Full of vitality. (I can’t sleep late and wake up early anymore…)
I was a fan of it.  I was.  “: 24 is back, May 5th. ”
 oh… business is business.  Life is harder when a friend is there.
 make me jealous!
 慢，同慢。
RT : 食環署初三掃小販　市民起哄  -  「 大聲叫囂：『嘩，阻人哋做生意，年初三都唔畀人開檔。』 有市民曾叫食環署充公一架車仔算數，『收一部得啦！』但對方回應稱：『唔得呀，好阻街，冇得傾。』」（按：那為甚麼圍村…
  利害。
 因為係一翻到嚟我請佢食個用左好耐的OS，搞到佢咁慢⋯⋯
兩年了，部iMac一直 under perform，係我負左佢⋯⋯ T.T
ok… the problem has been solved, easily…
nooooo~  I can’t install handbrake in Maverick!!
My new trial. 紅菜頭烏冬 #food 
Dessert 
The view outside mono cafe @ Momo Cafe at Courtyard Shatin 
Going to try the afternoon tea buffet. (@ Courtyard by Marriott Hong Kong Sha Tin 香港沙田萬怡酒店) 
