RT : 温家宝致信港专栏作家称“从未以权谋私”: 香港专栏作家吴康民公布中国前总理温家宝私信，温家宝称自己从来没有以权谋私。 
RT : 很明显，双方是老朋友，但却完全的道不同，一方拍着另一方肩膀说，你非常优秀，可惜你在体制内，成了犬儒。另一方也拍对方肩膀：你也很杰出，可惜总是说真话，边缘化了吧，什么都做不成吧？各位客官，这就是中国现实，体制内外的，都里外不是人，里外成不了事，听说的成…
RT : “《剑桥中国文学史》...由于各种原因，我们这个简体中译本的下限时间只能截至1949年，故英文版中所涉及的1949年之后中国的文学文化状况，本书只得割爱了。这是需要请读者体谅的...好在台湾的联经出版公司不久将出版"全译本"，这会是对本书的很好补充。 ”…
RT : 大家谈中国：“报复计生委”的童言让人情何以堪: “加入黑社会”、“报复计生委”。一个8岁的孩子，为什么会对计生委怀有如此大的仇恨？ 
RT : 记者来鸿：去中国探亲的趣闻逸事: 三个侄子在中国闯生活。探亲经历最令记者跌眼镜的，当属一些中国人怪异的英文名。 
RT : 香港观察：从一条街看一个社会: 圣诞临近，有人欢喜有人愁。无论是街头表演，还是法庭判决，也可看到香港人的不安。 
RT : 毛的悲剧与中国的悲剧: 毛的一生是出跌宕起伏的戏剧，与二十世纪的中国历史息息相关，他在中国悲剧性的历史中成长，获取权势；亦参与制造了无数个个人和家庭乃至整个民族巨大的悲剧，最后，亦悲剧性地走进历史。 
RT : Oral sex is always appreciated.
RT : The word “Android” refers only to a "male" robot, for one that looks like a female the proper term is “Gynoid.”
RT : 【金正恩处死姑父为争利】韩国情报称，朝鲜军方与政府围绕渔业与煤炭出口权益的纠纷引发了双方激烈冲突，并导致张成泽被处死。据报导，朝鲜军队曾与张成泽手下争夺渔场交火。
RT : 【《纽约时报》2013年度“十佳”电影】像往年一样，《纽约时报》影评人A.O. 斯科特列出本年度“十佳”影片，实际上这个榜单上有35部电影，包括15部入围电影和五部纪录片，因为今年电影佳作频现。
RT : 「世界的定义，从一张床，一个家，一处院子，一片城区，一所城市，慢慢变成一个国家，整个地球，就那么随着时间流逝扩展成无限大，茫然而渺远。我们要用很大的力气，付出很多代价，做出很多努力才能呆在一起，一起去买一杯奶茶，吃一盒章鱼烧。」
RT : 【观点：不要为了“记录”而暂停生活】如今，无论在电影院、停车标志下，还是在超市排队结账时，甚至在追悼会上，我们的手总是习惯性地伸向一台电子设备。我们已逐渐忘记了沉思，忘记了抬眼看看窗外。
RT : When the Egyptians destroyed Libya in the 13th century B.C. they took 13,250 penises of their conquered enemies as trophies.
Let's booze up! 
在这些拜物教电影中，看不到伤感和讽刺 - 纽约时报 国际生活  来自 
New China Cities: Shoddy Homes, Broken Hope, via  
Urbanites Flee China’s Smog for Blue Skies, via  
RT : 专访郭富城：“我不想重复自己”: 刚刚赢得英国万象电影节影帝桂冠的香港著名演员、歌手郭富城接受BBC中文网专访。 
RT : Japanese universities hold memorial services for animals that die in laboratory testing.
I signed up for as about half of the courses as those of last term, but the workload should be thrice more! Sounds creepy, right?
RT : If you've got a talent, protect it.
RT : Macro-control, market regulation, public services, social management, and protection of the environment are 5 function of Chi…
RT : 【我们学马哲时，他们在学什么？】在国内读本科时，一半公共必修课是政治课，几乎毫无用处，却又无法摆脱。在美国也有类似的公共课程，但这些课着重培养学生的核心能力与全面视野，比如人际交流和公共演讲。
RT : Histrionic Personality Disorder (HPD) is characterized as an overwhelming desire for attention.
China’s Arms Industry Makes Global Inroads, via  
Dormitory voltage ceiling, canteen price raise, download speed cap, so on and so forth. Welcome to Hebei Abnormal University!
RT : 港媒：港大新校长任命触发大争议: 香港大学校务委员会10月4日晚通过决定，任命英国学者马雯森（Peter Mathieson）出任新一届香港大学校长职务，任期5年，但该任命引发了激烈争议。 
Nostalgia does therapeutically matter at times, for we can still lean back on this cushion, albeit the mist is shrouding the way ahead.
We are blinded by too much disposition of indignation in our minds, it perhaps the very season for our grumbling of lives.




Qaeda Plot Leak Has Undermined U.S. Intelligence, via 
Why embracing change is the key to happiness 
Just know some shortcut key combinations, and feel that most are far from Windows-savvy...
RT : An aide passed this article to me in the Taipei Times about HK's "warning" to Taiwan- 
RT : 【物质至上，《小时代》里的中国】电影《小时代》在中国斩获票房，也引发巨大争议。许多评论人抨击影片公然崇尚物质感，也有人迫不及待为其辩护。这类影片反映了中国社会和经济巨变对文化的深远影响。 http://…
RT : 【如何定义“中国人”？】今天的中国已经比过去开放，但一些跨文化研究表明，中国人依然认为，外国人与自己存在根本上的不同。因此，无论他们在中国住多久，永远不会成为中国人。（By ) 
RT : 【《小时代2》北美公映，被称粗制滥造】《小时代2》是一部颇有特色的粗制滥造之作，有点像年轻、无性版《欲望都市》，也大量借鉴《绯闻女孩》和《穿普拉达的女魔头》，影片在中国票房不错，配得上中国梦。

RT : 日媒：习近平是打老虎还是骑虎难下: 日本关注习近平反贪打击周永康人马，多家媒体引消息人士称中共党内认为不应动周永康本人。 
Checkpoints are everywhere in the journey of your life, so always ready for a showdown.
In Trial Account, Chinese Ex-Official Strays From Script 
WTF! Google fails to search for "dildo" as per SafeSearch clauses?! Then who dub it the search engine of freedom!
So, what's the feeling of browsing an emporium? Upscale, splendid, and penniless…
Landing on Shijiazhuang already and undergoing a great leap of climatological shift...
Na, "modernized" education of Chinese characteristics... 
RT : People who complain frequently through social media are more likely to suffer from stress, anxiety and some form of depressi…
Summer's gonna be over in chill and bleakness. Pack up for tomorrow's return to the junior year.
Well, so to download photos on Instagram is such a piece of cake.
" China's real problem with Bo Xilai's legacy" -  
China makes big show of Bo trial, but it's still just theatre  来自 @reuters
Fallen leaves, the crooning past. 
RT : 【观点：越南“野人”父子让人感慨现代文明的困境】越南人胡万泰父子为避越战逃入深山老林，过着原始人的生活。40年后，越南人听到他们的故事，唏嘘不已。他们呼吸污浊的空气，吃有毒的食品，是否比这对人猿泰山还不如？http://t.co/Do4skdLe…
Just keep track of the sensational Bo Xilai's trial these days! It's a real acclaiming drama!
Practice for Test III of driving licence application for one hour per day. The process is an anguish, because the coach is an unrefined man.
Ahaaaaa~ God damn it. My VPN is restored to life!! Applaud!
Now, I'm combination of numerous diseases.
Having toughly recuperated from fever, I am suffering non-stop nose-leaking right now...
Never while away in this world, poetry and prospect are still there for you.
The premise of keeping low-key hinges on your qualifications to be high-profile at any time, or you're just putting on an act.
RT : 【幼子在，不远游】中国人道德观顾上不顾下，只考虑“父母在，不远游”，甚至有法律要求孩子定期探望父母。而更需要努力的，是如何让幼年的孩子和父母在一起。养而不教也是可耻的。（南桥 撰稿）
With so many cases of supermarket homicide in Beijing, I just wanna know:"Beijingers, do you still dare to browse in supermarkets?"
RT : 【活在中国，直面雾霾和有毒食品的每一天】如今在北京工作，我和我的家人却有着与驻派伊拉克时完全不同的担忧。中国严重的环境污染和食品安全问题威胁着我们每个人。(By ) 
RT : 【一次曾考验撒切尔和里根关系的美国入侵事件】英国政府公开的30年前档案显示，1983年美国入侵格林纳达未知会英国，引起了撒切尔夫人对里根的严重不满。文件还披露了默多克收购《泰晤士报》的细节。
Ready to roll here for a trip. 
The design of the new iPad app for QZone is a blatant plagiarism from that of Facebook. Tencent needn't claim any excuse!
Some classmates and I queried lines of travel agencies for a two-day trip to the Songhua Lake tourism district this afternoon. Look forward!
A Cash Lure Cast From the Temple, via  
RT : 90% of all men masturbate, while only 65% of women claim they masturbate.
Jilin City, China, The Songhua River - The Ode of the Soul of a River 
Appreciate the dedicating research of Prof. MacFarquhar and the perfect translation of Prof. Tang Shaojie. 
Thanks for this reticence and partition endowed to each other. It's really a console to be in truce...
China, a deceased watermelon vendor. Your Majesty Redeemer, please bless our nation with humble grief.
RT : The average woman will spend nearly one year of her life trying to decide what to wear.
RT : Listening to music activates the reward system in our brains -- This is why we spend money attending concerts and buying son…
This is an era of hawking. Careerists yell with catchphrases without any veracious and substantial content. I know you get it.
If you can't prevent wrinkles coming up on your forehead, then do endeavor to repulse them from your heart.
RT : The first condoms produced in the U.S. were made from vulcanized rubber and were meant to be reused.
 Reusable condoms?! Holy crap!
RT : The poorest Americans are still richer than 80% of the world.
 Conflict between a falling US and a still glittering American dream.
 Metaphysical effects!
RT : 【中国境内的境外大学】澳门大学将整体迁往珠海，这不仅意味着搬迁万名学生和教职员、65万册书籍和近300个实验室，更重要的是，中国全国人大特批澳门特区依照澳门法律管辖澳大校区。
RT : 【医改怎么改才有出路？】急诊科女超人于莺基于“不想当炮灰”等理由决定离开协和医院，拟投身私立医院。公立医院惨淡经营，医生病人怨声载道，医患关系势同水火，该如何对医改的困境进行破局？（裴洪岗 撰稿）
From my viewpoint, all autocrats are egoists.
At dusk, a radiant cloud dance... 
RT : Over 5,000 people with PhD's work as janitors in the US.
RT : 【刘志军判死缓太轻？】判断一个人的生死之决，不能根据金钱数额来确定，这是一个认识死刑的基本常识。依赖死刑而不是依靠制度更张来反腐，这多少是一种矫枉过正的暴戾思维。（连清川 撰稿）
It's bound to be a bustling and cautionary summer vacation. Let's just wait and see!
I'm home now! Just arrived last night. And I think it a bleeding triumph, seriously. So, everyone, HAPPY HOLIDAYS!
RT : Coca-Cola made a fruit-flavored soda for the Nazis when there was a shortage of syrup in 1941 - And that is how Fanta was cr…
RT : 【拒绝革命吞噬的儿女】锺浩东是台湾最早共产党员之一，1950年被国民政府枪决。纪实《幌马车之歌》和侯孝贤电影《悲情城市》再现了他的故事。今日回顾锺浩东，反观历史如何对待理想主义者。（廖伟棠 撰稿）
Yesterday's dawn at Shijiazhuang. 
Women, they are demure on the stage, while overly sprightly maybe behind the backdrop.
RT : 52% of women in Britain state they'd rather eat chocolate than have sex -- 87% of men said the opposite.
从广场上到红墙内：那些跻身政治局的六四亲历者 - 纽约时报中文网 国际纵览  来自 
RT : The words "moron" "imbecile" and "idiot" all technically refer to a person with an IQ below 70.
Sentimentality is, indeed, suicide.
": 【听别人电话聊天为何让你心烦意乱】研究表明，听旁人用电话聊天，比听两个人面对面聊天，更易让人心烦意乱。这可能是因为你忍不住要“脑补”不完整的谈话内容。"
 Yeah, uncanny…
Just know a stunning new word: floccinaocinihilipilification! Ow, my goddess!
Conscience can be deceived by envy, silenced by pride, and beguiled by self-interest.
A pedophilia roommate said he would reserve the using right of his anus for his first intercourse with the beloved!
RT : You'd have to walk for about 6 hours straight to burn off a McDonald's Big Mac combo meal.
Just how to get rid of a nearly neurotic and amok girl? - That’s a world-class puzzle!
RT : 【写好英文有多难】中国学生往往是阅读和听力胜过口语和写作，关键不在于英语表达本身，而在思考和分析问题的能力。在“输出”自己的观点前，请先用力思考。（包蓓蓓 撰稿）
A dull afternoon, wasting time again…
Some people won't miss out on any chance of propagandizing Party ideology, even in a role-play that should have been relaxing!
RT : 41% of men prefer briefs while 12% say they prefer boxers.
RT : You are more likely to get stabbed or shot at a strip club than anywhere else! Learn more HERE: 
I feel myself swindled! Damn it!
RT : Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed.
This was taken at dawn this Thursday. Shijiazhuang, the capital of haze on the Northern China Plain, you made it. 
So the small talk between my mate and I goes to the final point: Can a Party member who is not corrupt be a qualified member? NO WAY!
It's blazing hot outside like always here in Shijiazhuang. Keep sweltering, guys!
 You catch a point!
RT : Psychic advisors who have dealt with stars are ready to resolve your queries on-line now 
Cover of latest issue of The Economist! Its illustration is always excellent and theme-focusing! 
I think I'd better get a paid VPN regardless of its a little expensive fee. A free one will be cut offline and unstable always.
RT : It takes a great man to give sound advice tactfully, but a greater to accept it graciously.
RT : Most of our problems are related to the mind, so we have to work to reduce our destructive emotions.
Yeah, one night's fatigue train journey...I'm home...
So this is life - the inception of all that it should be. 
Having tumbled in despair of not knowing how to face the unexpected failure, time to go home is waving to me finally. How relieving!
Made a bet with my net pal: if I pass my TEM4, I'll present nude photo of  myself! Let's wait and see!
The TEM4 proved tragic because of the blurring sound quality of the earphone! It's such an anguish! An anguish! Well, I'll retake it...
Orgasm, it makes a withering life rejuvenate again, but only within specific age periods' limits...
“: Bling Ring is going to Cannes !”Bravo!
At Hebei Normal University, Shijiazhuang. Morning rain pour turns into exceptionally rare April heavy snow. 
The First Ring of Spring 
What else can I say about my college? Nothing! Tantalizing students seems identifiable and able to be free of condemnation to those brutes!
RT : The modern handshake was originally thought of as a sign of peace and to show that both parties were unarmed.
But for the miserable recent bustle I've been undergoing like always, I might have been enjoying the last aroma of the remaining youth
Qingming Festival holidays in China, but I'm still up to my neck...
RT : Studies revealed that on average, fans of Lil Wayne's music have lower test scores than fans of Beethoven (who have some  ...
RT : The retina display in Apple's iPad is actually manufactured and supplied by Samsung.
Don't take an illusion that I will say a single “sorry” this time. NEVER from now on!
RT : 在今天的中国，异端没有全部被专政，主要是对国际市场和外资的需求造成的，维持政权需要经济增长，经济增长就离不开国际市场；但专政又不可能不打击异端，否则也无法维系（两手硬），于是就采取了掐尖的策略，谁冒头就打谁，“凭什么没有进去”，没站在最前面呗。
Rage accumulated there days, and finally, I blew the steam off today! I AM FURIOUS!
RT : The term "quirkyalone" refers to someone who enjoys being single and doesn't want to date just anybody.
While, China's enforcement of download music charge is pending.
RT : Your illegal music downloads aren't hurting the industry, according to a controversial new study | 
In a bureaucracy, nothing is more perfect than upper line having obedient and soulless subordinates!
What a nuisance! Why is the campus network like a cramping cripple!
Some people are just much too keen to show off, and they are self-centered, regarding themselves Mr. Standard, which I detest!
RT : "A mind wishing to benefit other people and other sentient beings is the very basis of peace and happiness." Rest well m ...
RT : 在后极权维稳体制面前，自居温和理性没有任何力量，而只会给自己增添羞辱。
Please, let salvation befall me!
中国国家领导人下台后干些什么？  
Exhausted recently....
It would be an exceptionally bustling semester!
RT : In the 1600’s, the word “nuts” actually referred to “any place of pleasure.”
Exhausted, I've been back to school...Waiting for the beginning of a new term. But before that, I extremely need a thorough rest!
Tomorrow, wheel back to school.
RT : 三年前。 
During networking, it's been proved that people who always overthink are much more than those who know themselves objectively.
"A silver lining in China's grey skies": Reuters Insider  
Well, a denouement of incompatibility has drawn a period to this messed-up winter vacation! Just make the new semester start!
RT : Wikipedia banned all users and IP addresses affiliated with the Church of Scientology .
A glimpse in a HK bookstore. History of Chinese Prostitution, which is rarely seen in mainland! 
Another morning in HK.
RT : "We must openly accept all ideologies and systems as a means of solving humanities problems."
Roaming in HK. Here the most exciting thing for me is not shopping, but to login Facebook and Twitter without censorship!
GDP这东西，对于中央来说，是绩；对于地方来说，是地；对于老百姓来说，是屁；GDP有了新翻译：绩地屁！——胡俞越
This shall be one of principal principles of life: NEVER negotiate with and succumb to emotionless bastards!
Yeah, I just came back from a journey to Guilin, exhausted yet satisfied! 
Happy Chinese Lunar New Year!
RT : 大年三十，惊闻推友佩利被刑拘，内心无比悲愤。习容忍尖锐的批评的华美说辞，更彰显了其党其人继续制造灭口行径的野蛮和肮脏。
Sometimes, you feel that there is a slug in your heart, and it is just impossible to kick it out whatever way you resort to.
It seems that everything's going under way as usual when my reluctant dad confronts my bossy mum...in inevitable disorder...
The first morning in Canton this winter. Weather kinda chilly.
Packing mounds of stuff up. Prepare for tomorrow's set-off for Canton...
The last day during my flash stay at home this vacation. Still bustling...
RT : 李小鹏当选山西省省长的消息在网络上传出后，新浪微博关闭了所有能找到的主流媒体账号的评论与转发内容。新浪微博常在涉及敏感话题的微博下使用类似这样关闭评论/转发内容的手段
The last three and a half days left before my departure for Canton. Flashes of meal dos with my previous mates these days. Life is transient
《逃离德黑兰》一片的成功不在于其错落有致的剧情安排或是其他技术方面的出色表现,而在于此片富有典范性地诠释了美利坚合众国宣扬的意识形态:任何为捍卫人权而实施的,乃至与法理精神相抵触的个人主义行为均应予以肯定和尊重。
If most of the foreign films brought into China should not flee curtailment, then our cinemas would become the tombstone of art.
RT : During the earliest wedding ceremonies, the bride and groom would make love for the first time in front of the entire vil ...
Just came back home. It's familiar, it's the tempo of being at home!
RT : 习近平反贪"一箭六雕"：一曰强化权威。二曰整肃异己。三曰笼络民心。四曰缓和社会矛盾。五曰营造"新政"幻想。六曰拖延政治改革，其实就是取消政治改革、对抗政治改革。 
I've just got my first payment in my life, should I appear to be a little excited?
One less agitator, A little more composure.
My dad advised me to take out passport. I flinch. From my part, Chinese passport is one of the most ineffectual ones in the world.
Period of end-of-term exams...Now, trigger!
Caught cold again, alongside gastritis...
New Year's pending...Wish all a new meaningful 365-day race...As for me, I extremely hope I could have less ailment!
The Senkaku or Diaoyu Islands: Narrative of an empty space | The Economist 
Today, I slip into the 21st year of my life!
China tightens Internet controls, legalizes post deletion  via @reuters
I deem myself critical realism, whereas they regard me flooding pessimism.
To be a real scholar is to stick to the truths, thus it's perilous to be a real scholar in China. If you clutch the substance, you're over.
 This is utterly opposite to my fact!
From the new : North Korean refugees flee to China  #cnn
【钱理群：北大等大学正培养利己主义者】北大钱理群教授近日表示：“一些大学，包括北京大学，正在培养一些‘精致的利己主义者’，他们高智商，世俗，老到，善于表演，懂得配合，更善于利用体制达到自己的目的。这种人一旦掌握权力，比一般的贪官污吏危害更大。
