Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef at Taiwan Temple, Caotun [2] 
Lotuschef at Taiwan Temple, Caotun [2] 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef at Play - Hungry Ghost Realm Created In ... 
The scene is just like a huge mob of Hungry Ghosts being shown Divine Nectar, that can appease all their hunger... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef at Taiwan Temple, Caotun [1] 
Lotuschef at Taiwan Temple, Caotun [1] 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef at Play -天魔知多少 How Much of Mara Do You K... 
SZ also stress that nothing is permanent! 
There is no Everlasting People, Matters, Materials.

Mara slander... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef at Play - How Much of Mara Do You Know 天... 
师尊说过：天魔是十地菩萨

十地，佛教术语，指大乘佛教修菩萨道行者所要经历的最后十个修行阶段，出自《华严经》十地品（即《十地经》）及《大方广菩萨十地经》。

已发菩提心的菩萨行者，要历经 十信、十住、十行、十回向... 
It's 15°C now,
 Quite comfortable.  :)

Seems everywhere in the Northern hemisphere feeling the unusual Cold weather.
Blgoviews:
United States 478
Indonesia      101
Singapore       81
Malaysia          25
Hong Kong        8
Russia              8
Blogviews:-
United States 488
Indonesia  76
Singapore  69
Malaysia    31
Russia         6
The Bright Light Methods have more interesting "tit-bits"! :)

SZ said being able to do any of these practices,... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef in Playtime - Comprehending Guru's Dharm... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Festive ingredients like wax-duck forming delicious and sumptuous meal! Yummy! :)
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef at Play - Funtime - Gongyang 供养 
just wanna give my token of my bit of gong yang to my dearest teacher in this life time though no chance to face... 
Blogviews:
United States  486
Indonesia       78
Singapore       48
Malaysia         38
Russia             5
Blogviews:- 
United States  451
Singapore        55
Indonesia         54
Malaysia           38
Russia               5
Ukraine             4
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef at Play - Karmic Hindrances 业历的障碍 
How does One CHAT with another when he is thousands of miles away and also in the midst of giving Dharma Speech?... 
Blogviews:- 
United States  460
Indonesia 79
Singapore  63
Malaysia   29
Ukraine 5
Russia 4
Blogviews:
United States  430
Indonesia 86
Singapore 66
Malaysia    10
Russia        5
Ukraine      5
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef At Play - Funtime - 唱反调 Singing an Oppos... 
To those that THINK you can Control a Buddha, Dream ON! 

You can't even stop SZ from making Astral Trips whenever... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 失眠 Insomnia &amp; 褪黑激素 Melatonin 
For those that can't sleep, their systems OVERHEAT!
This affects their general system's function as a WHOLE.
For... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Transformasi Kebatinan – Transmisi Melalui Kekoson... 
Bila kamu membaca seri-seri [Siapakah Aku?] dan Perjalanan Astral, kamu akan menemukan bahwa aku diajarkan... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 25-1-2014 SZ's Speech [3]  - Bright Light Method 明... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 25-1-2014 SZ's Speech [3] - Bright... 
Bright Light Methods 明光法 - enables one to sleep in midst of Bright Light.
无事无心 No worry No Heart - no matters... 
SZ went on to reiterate that with Mudra, Mantra and Yidam's picture, we can cultivate a Sadhana with this Yidam.... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 25-1-2014 Highlights of SZ's Dharma Speech [2] 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 25-1-2014 Highlights of SZ's Dharma Speech [1] 
Dear all, 
SZ's message?
YOU can also cultivate well with his sharing of True Buddha Dharma Practices!!!

DO IT!!! 
Blogviews:
United States  188
Singapore 135
Indonesia   68
Malaysia     23
China         12
Australia     7
Russia        7
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 13-3-2011 Power of Mantra 咒的魔力 【2】 
Everyday do armor protection. Bring column of white light down n engulf u. Then form dark blue light in cyclonic... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 13-3-2011 Power of Mantra 咒的魔力 【1】 
I was kind of shaken and continued to chant the Zou all night and I also envisioned blue lights forming a... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 4-8-2011 The Circulation of Mantra and Breathing 
OM is white coloured light, AH is red coloured light, and HUM is blue coloured light.

During breathing, we need... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 5佛的种子字 Seed Syllables of 5 Buddha 
SZ taught to Visualize the 5 Buddhas or their respective Seed Syllables, one by one, when doing one of the Ming... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 华严经 - 如来出现品第三十七 [6] 
佛子！如来智慧大药王树，
其根生时，令一切菩萨生不舍众生大慈悲根；
其茎生时，令一切菩萨增长坚固精进深心茎；
其枝生时，令一切菩萨增长一切诸波罗蜜枝；
其叶生时，令一切菩萨生长净戒头陀功德少欲知足叶；... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 华严经 - 如来出现品第三十七 [5] 
令其闻者皆生欢喜；如来音声无所分别，但以诸佛于甚深法界圆满清净，能随众生根之所宜，出种种言音皆令欢喜。

佛子！是为如来音声第九相，诸菩萨摩诃萨应如是知。 
“佛子！菩萨摩诃萨应知如来音声遍至，普遍无量诸音声故；
应知如来音声随其心乐皆令欢喜，说法明了故；
应知如来音声随其信解皆令欢喜，心得清凉故；
应知如来音声化不失时，所应闻者无不闻故；
应知如来音声无生灭，如呼响故；... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 华严经 - 如来出现品第三十七 [4] 
AA: Fashi, earthquake hoe. Friends in Semarang felt as well as I did from floor 15. Rare occasion. 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Earthquakes In Indonesia Today 
Blogviews:-
United States  139
Singapore 117
Indonesia  57
Malaysia     22
China          13
Australia      5
Russia         4
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Shizun on Flexible Employment of Tantric Methods 
In conclusion, His Holiness stressed, "The body, speech and mind, if purified, are equivalent to the Tantric... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 20-11-2011 Food - Purify first or Offer First? 
LJ asked DL why she did not purify the food first before offering.

DL: Of course Fo pusa (Buddhas and... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Menghabiskan Tenaga Guru Akar Sendiri 累坏了自己的根本上师 [... 
Cuplikan di atas diambil dari sesi tanggal 2 November 2013.
Dari video tersebut, aku bisa lihat kalau Guru sangat... 
This screenshot was captured during the 2 Nov 2013 session. 
From the video, I can see that SZ is very tired and... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef on Wearing Down One's Root Guru 累坏了自己的根本... 
Blogviews： 
United States  96
Singapore  87
Indonesia  67
Ukraine  20
Malaysia 9
Check this out too for Caotun! 
 
Going to Caotun, Nantou, Taiwan, soon? 
Check out this site:-... 
Dear all,
The North Hemisphere is experiencing extreme cold while the South is extreme Hot!
I was in Perth,... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Why Am I Chanting Great Calamities Mantra In Sleep... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Unusual Phenomenon - Bangkok is Unusually Cold 
Weather Cranky &amp; Ocean life too, beaching and dying.

What is truly behind all these? 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef at Play - Execute At Ease &amp; At Will 任运自如... 
The above is Pure Karma's literature on Cultivation.
Transformation into White Lighted Lotus = Padmakumara and... 
What is Enlightenment to You? 开悟对你是什么？ 开悟对你是什么？/ via @Purekarmavihara
泄露天机 Reveal Heavenly Secrets 泄露天机-reveal-heavenly-secrets/ via @Purekarmavihara
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef at Play - The Hom Syllable 
My suggestion: 
Use the Dorje to draw a HOM syllable in the sky. 
Then use the Dorje to beam light onto the HOM... 
Blogviews:
United States 91
Singapore     74
Indonesia      64
Russia           25
Ukraine         20
Malaysia         5
Czech Republic 3
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef at Play - Flower Adornment Sutra 华严经 
入普贤菩萨摩诃萨口 (Enters Samanthabadra Bodhisattva's mouth)。

Remember recently SZ said that Padmasambhava ingested him... 
“复次，佛子！譬如月轮有四奇特未曾有法。

何等为四？
一者，映蔽一切星宿光明；
二者，随逐于时示现亏盈；
三者，于阎浮提澄净水中影无不现；
四者，一切见者皆对目前，而此月轮无有分别、无有戏论。... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 华严经 - 如来出现品第三十七 [3] 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 华严经 - 如来出现品第三十七 [2] 
有风轮起，名为：安住，能成大地。
有风轮起，名为：庄严，能成地天宫殿、龙宫殿、乾闼婆宫殿。
有风轮起，名：无尽藏，能成三千大千世界一切大海。
有风轮起，名：普光明藏，能成三千大千世界诸摩尼宝。... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 华严经 - 如来出现品第三十七 [1] 
所谓：兴布大云，降霔大雨，四种风轮相续为依。

其四者何？

一名：能持，能持大水故；
二名：能消，能消大水故；
三名：建立，建立一切诸处所故；
四名：庄严，庄严分布咸善巧故。... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef on 84,000 Dharma Doors 8万4千法门 -  Infinit... 
Another Great is I found the reason why I am started to chant the Great Calamities Mantra 大救难咒 during my sleep.... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef at Play - SZ's Words or Yours? 
Just like SZ always stressed on 3 main factors of Cultivation being [ Mudra - Body; Mantra - Speech;... 
Maha Perfection Dharma - Transformation 大圆满 - 神变 大圆满-神变/ via @Purekarmavihara
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef in Chat - Spiritual Realm  Negotiation 灵... 
In Negotiation with any spirits, I always advice as follows:-

1. Ask them what they want.

2. Tell them to... 
Blogviews:
ndonesia   103
United States   99
Singapore    89
Ukraine       30
Malaysia      17
Russia         11
Canada        8

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: SZ on Purification 师尊讲「大圓滿法口訣部－清淨」[2] 
This white light HOM can reach other countries and also other realms like the Desire Realm; Form Realm; Formless... 
Chicken &amp; mix vegetables stew with Chinese sausages &amp; rice! Yummy! 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: SZ on Purification 师尊讲「大圓滿法口訣部－清淨」[1] 
Everything don't exist anymore, so no impurities, or sins, no clean or no pure, Nothing! 
This method is... 
年糕 Nian-Gao - means auspiciously yearly high or promotion of job status. 
Hahaha! This one has a patch for one to... 
Blogviews:
United States  261
Singapore      105
Indonesia   76
Canada      21
Ukraine      21
Russia        20
Malaysia     16
Blogviews:-
United States  280
Singapore      109
Indonesia        90
Russia             25
Malaysia          21... 
Amazing Herb Kills 98% Of Cancer Cells In Just 16 Hours 
Blogviews:-
United States 284
Singapore      111
Indonesia       81
Russia            29
Malaysia         21... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC13 
18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC13 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC12 
18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC12 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC11 
18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC11 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC10 
18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC10 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC9 
18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC9 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC8 
18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC8 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC7 
18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC7 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC6 
18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC6 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC5 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC5 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC4 
18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC4 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC3 
18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC3 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC2 
18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC2 
18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC1 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 18-1-2014 Fire Puja CC1 
Blogviews now:
United States  147
Indonesia  72
Singapore  59
Russia       29
Malaysia    19
Canada      12
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Maha Perfection Dharma - Transformation 大圆满 - 神变 
SZ expressed this Impermanence again!

Time to wake up! 

Am I in your league?
Am I after what you are after?... 
心悲    五濁苦海，六道沉淪，三途悽慘，罪孽尤深，善信業障彌重。
[This part has Boddhicitta for all beings.!] 
Blogviews:-
United States 125
Indonesia   65
Singapore  46
Russia       27
Malaysia    20
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
A simple altar of another student, a regular of Pure Karma events.
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef in Chat – Sentient Perception 凡人的见地 
:) Padahal kenyataannya, saat kamu telah melewati bendera-bendera Abhiseka, dan kamu mengikuti instruksi Guru... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 18-1-2014 SZ Shares More on Maha Perfection Dharam... 
Dear all, 
if you listen to SZ all these while, what he shared in this session is not new to you then. :)... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Guru Diselamatkan oleh Ucchusma 
Jadi kini Santet ataupun Ilmu Hitam bukanlah hal yang menyeramkan ataupun mengancam lagi khan? :) 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 18-1-2014 Fire Puja LC1 
18-1-2014 Fire Puja LC 1 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
18-1-2014 Fire Puja (1)
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef in Chat - Sentient Perception 凡人的见地 
A rounded object, a ball, that shines when the Sun's light shines on it, became the Sector's heritage that is... 
Dharma Charity:-
Hi all, Lotus Qian Nan, Lotus Chris' dad, had a minor stroke and is hospitalized today. 
As 18... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Review: Avatamasaka Sutra Book 11 - Purifying Prac... 
Remember Guru said achieving Purity is of Utmost importance in YOGA?

Don't miss this Book about Purifying... 
今天教大家「遊戲」and「忘」，這就是口訣 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 师尊开示 [金剛薩埵] 21-12-2013 
金剛心是代表金剛薩埵的意念，
金剛手是代表祂的法力，也叫做「手金剛」。
金剛薩埵原來是「意」、「法力」所有「智慧」的結晶，就叫做金剛薩埵，「薩埵」的意思就是菩薩。 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 神变-虚空授记 Astral Transform - Transmission Through Un... 
As I close my eyes and starting to move the bracelet out from my wrist to do chanting, a Buddha appeared standing... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 神变-步入华严境 Astral Transformation - Stepping into Flo... 
As I have mentioned, Tantrayana is Immeasurable!

When you truly input diligence, your reward is Immeasurable... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 华严经 - 普贤行品第三十六 [2] 
尔时，普贤菩萨摩诃萨以佛神力、自善根力，观察十方洎于法界，欲开示菩萨行，欲宣说如来菩提界，欲说大愿界，欲说一切世界劫数，欲明诸佛随时出现，欲说如来随根熟众生出现令其供养，欲明如来出世功不唐捐，欲明所种善根必获果报，欲明大威德菩萨... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 华严经 - 普贤行品第三十六 [1] 
“佛子！菩萨摩诃萨住此十智已，则得入十种普入。

何等为十？

所谓：一切世界入一毛道，一毛道入一切世界；
一切众生身入一身，一身入一切众生身；
不可说劫入一念，一念入不可说劫；
一切佛法入一法，一法入一切佛法；... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef in Chat - Doing offering for the 2 secur... 
Wisdom starts from a discerning mind to sieve thru the sentient mud &amp; find the Mani Gem! :)

&amp; Compassion is part... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Pumpkin with dried shrimps &amp; rice with Chinese sausages. :) Enjoy!!!
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 神通~神变知多少 How Much Do You Know about Astral Power~A... 
AA: 不是！因为你说每个人都能做到！
[No! Because you said everyone also can achieve the same!]

Hahaha! YES! I am not lying and I... 
Blogviews:
United States   231
Singapore 72
Indonesia  71
Malaysia  9
Ukraine   8
Russia     4
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef Bermain-main – Terus-menerus melakukan k... 
Apakah kamu melihat kalau Guru selalu menyebut nama Thubten Ksiti Rinpoche sebelum memulai ceramah dharmanya?... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Mata Langit 
Ingatkah bahwa Guru pernah mengatakan: “Aku tak mau melihatnya!” ?

Memang benar ada baiknya menutup Mata Langit... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Transformasi Astral = Kekuatan Batin 
Untuk mendukung Guru, bayangkan semua Buddha menghadap ke luar dan Guru berada di tengah kerucut terbalik,... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef Bermain-main – Berbagai Peraturan Disipl... 
uru berkali-kali mengatakan bahwa kebanyakan para VM di sebelah beliau belum mampu beryoga dengan-Nya!

Dan... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef on Finishing An Assignment 
this is what SZ wants!!!
more students that can not only cultivate on their own well, but also sharing with all... 
Blogviews:
United States 237
Singapore 99
Indonesia 57
Malaysia 17
Canada 8
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef on Heavenly Eye 天眼 
SZ initialized his Heavenly Eye and was real shocked to see his bedroom filled with "Invisible or Formless Guests... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: 5-5-2011 问事Consultation 
For all TBS students, the best one to help you is GM.
In HK, GM"s Dharma Speech actually gave you answers as to... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: Lotuschef in Conversation - 孙子兵法Sunzi Art of War 
In answer to YC personally, in Sunzi Art of War, One places one's worse enemy/enemies closest to One, so that you... 
Lotuschef Lama 释莲廚, A Student of Living Buddha Lian-Sheng.: [25-06-2012] Lotuschef in Conversation – Transform... 
