 又怎么了 😕
RT : I like hearing the words, "I miss you."
Hungry shit.
RT : Still waiting on a valentines day like this lol 
才发现在乎的 只是我
为什么那么犯贱
It's too glad to have her . 
Online .
被陈欣宜影响好多
 尽力了就拔不起了啦:/
Wtf is in mind !!
 那么容易就好
Really appreciate for taking care these two days :)
我好想你 #np
好了睡够了 肚子也饿了
No rushing .
#np 海阔天空
 please insist every after !!!
Breakfast with 壮男们 😈 (@ OldTown White Coffee) 
 you too la
#np 我可以 w/ them ♡
RT : Every decision made after 2am is a bad decision.
2.44am
So uncomfortable .
教我连续两盆中tiang的skill 求你 
努力学习In Between中 .
RT : "永远也不要记恨一个男人，毕竟当初，他曾爱过你，疼过你，给过你幸福。永远不要说这个世界上再也没有好男人了，或许明天，你就会遇到爱你的那个男人，在你眼里，他再坏也是好。其实，分手之后没必要记恨，更没必要自暴自弃。爱情不属于固定的两个人，而是合适的两…
Dangerous night 😱
Heading out. Happy day 😊
不懂我不要装懂 你和别人都没差。
Bitch please.
 SHEI 😎
 dm
Why OMGG
 i'm sorryy i cant wake u haha. Erm 3.
😊😊😊
RT : “: 只能想像一起　
但我沒勇氣　
所以很想討厭你”
 you dk ? What time you planned to go. Btw i wake at 10. I'll call you after that xD
 4 just start so early wake ya. Ok i'll call :D
 time lai.
 tmr no energy see me no goood :(
Just for me .
 how you know. Oh ya horrr tmr sschool xD
 so much
Sleeeep early 😎
 okay sorry looks like scary movie hahaha
 me afternooon
 what movie ?
 pls bully me if u can xD
Annoying 😑
Meeting you guys tomorrow really will make me happy 😊😊
The most responsible monitor ever omg
 _ NAHHH
 TT
黄浩宜你不要那么烦啊
Walao 我tag alice 另一个account 他没有回我
 别说了 我能理解
明天要叫Alex教我弹 晴天😇
 他们两个 一起不见😦
Really can't wait for tomorrow 😁
你把他当朋友的人不一定也把你当朋友
RT : 可不可以有一个人，可以看穿我的逞强，可以保护我的脆弱。
 你比我爱你更爱我:*
 zomok gui
 你还好这样咯xP
太开心了。✌
 OI ?
原来还有人对我那么好 so touched .
 我换mai陈欣宜的名啊hah
 明日有去huiqi家？
RT : 👌 
RT : Dimples are adorable.
还要假假打来 然后假假约我
It will be so freaking crowded and fun with you guys
Why cant I go this Thursdayy Z
Happy birthday yo shapo Aliceee ! :D hope one day you wont kena bully by them !! Hahaha ♡ 
Wow still sleeeeping
3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
每天跟你们讲话撞到很开心这样 想到都觉得自己他妈的恶心
你以为你在意的也一样在乎你啊 醒咯
Wtf.
总有个人会让你知道什么叫细水长流
Yay. Brother taking me to movie again xD
A pink handbag by mom. Thanks haha
Family ♡ (@ Restaurant Genting Palace 雲華宮) 
Family Day 😋 4.2.13 
Brunch 😎
 WEIHHH :/
 健康一点好吗
Still last seen .
手湿湿摸我整个脸 WALAO
 好像是到了辣椒家
我好想你 #np
 Shit .
Addicted to someone's smile urgh .
RT : definition of a perfect boyfriend 😩😍 
 hahahha
RT : 谁会对你负责逗你开心一辈子
  会弹 HAHA
不要理你们 复归我的思绪
   硬硬不要换 硬硬
": 我说了你也不懂"
  看样子就知道
   叫我女王
  你们不要打扰我在想东西啦 不然我一直写好朋友只是朋友的歌词给你们emo让你们知错
  因为你软你弱
  看似想打架了
  给我安静下来
是你太好了。
 这几天都会在一起的 试下对她好一点 看看怎样
 不管怎样 下辈子你们不会再见的 要对一辈子的人 为什么不放开你自己一点 她一定有她好的地方
 血浓于水魏杰瞳
 有必要吗
RT : ": 就让我这样就很好
没什么紧要。"
RT : Sometimes the person you fall for isn't ready to catch you.
Tired but i just cant sleep hahah
“: 很多人都不知道自己想要什么。其实是没有勇气面对和足够的努力去争取自己想要的。”
 okay. Take gooood care
 whats app
Set up mind first.
But i guess if you care about me, you'll look for me first.
 不要笑死我
 可能GENG
 很GENG咩
Today with my darling. Chu 4 💕💕 
“: 那班三慧的人儿完全没有悔改之心啊.”
庄子正够废
“: ": ": ": “: ": 然後彈彈心 巧看了 國慶手機的 電影 激情四射"”"""”
“: ": 然後彈彈心 巧看了 國慶手機的 電影 激情四射"”
 无须如此迫不及待
 好 ！
 不要逼我TT 可是就算是有去 mama说不用麻烦你朋友下来 她可以载😗
 说的话跟yuen越来越像。
 对啊
发誓下一次一定要jio老赵老熊，四人行💩
“: 某人現在糾結了 ._.” GAN
“: 如果以后会驾车一定不会留下你 &lt;3” 😚
云顶好 还是辣椒家好
 哪里够你开心
“: 拥有和我一样的裙开心吗 xD ” 现在想拿去捐掉了
“: 明日貌似不想载昱哲.” 明日看似不用载我
RT : 内伤 #np
唱天后 最爽
最后一定是我 双脚悬空
好朋友只是朋友 只能保留一点点温柔
 我记得你说过有危险喊 潮逼
 我们要shopping wor. Gt time jus go
 我脚短吗
 later go shopping with her haha. See laaa if gt time then go :)
 ts go farenheit abit far ..:(
#np 安静😊
 WHEREE
#np 倒带
#np 我真的受伤了
到底你懂我 还是我本来就像你
我们一个像夏天 一个像秋天👭 
陈欣宜的 我爱他 :)
RT : 想不到stupid joey 将高音
RT : 两个傻婆一直在喊
“: ": 跟陈欣宜唱K 最爽"不禁令我想起了与涌奶哥那日在k房的时光 &lt;3” 一人一知己多好 &lt;3
跟陈欣宜唱K 最爽
#np 洋葱
 难道勾起你的思绪
#np 错的人
#np 我怀念的
 huh
With BAOBEII 😘 (@ Berjaya Times Square - @timessquarekl w/ 17 others) 
 他做么
 扫两巴去
Dating dayy 😊
RT : Damn flappy bird
明天10点还要morning call 陈欣宜😒
 after new year
hope this war stops soon and resumes peace :)
RT : ": 史上最猥瑣班級 初三慧'2012" 一切都是佳豪的错
RT : ": 史上最猥瑣班級 初三慧'2012"
RT : 史上最猥瑣班級 初三慧'2012
 我貌似连呼吸都猥琐了现在
 娘看过了
你们真的很不像人 我重温小时代去了
RT : 我貌似有意unfollow完整个3慧'2012的人 他们每天都在推特散发一些不良的黄色风气 - -
RT : 操你們 猥瑣到夠力的哦
RT : ": ": 我貌似有意unfollow完整个3慧'2012的人 他们每天都在推特散发一些不良的黄色风气 - -""
RT : ": 操你們 猥瑣到夠力的哦"
RT : 喔糟， 整個推特都是 我們的 tweet
 SHEI
“: ": ": ": “: ":   有个那么操得的女婿 我看弹妈貌似开心才是"”"""”
 你说什么 我不明不明啊
换去maggie goreng看你怎样
“: ":   有个那么操得的女婿 我看弹妈貌似开心才是"”
 我只是要砍他 你做么
 你看似妒忌
RT : 一群變態 TT
 eheh你没事stalk我干嘛
我要砍你
谢佳豪‼‼
  GAN
I really want you MAGGIE GORENG !
 人家坦诚形容 你不要面对
 是谁羡慕谁的眼睛
