 Android 客戶端 please :-(
Worth sharing.  
Many great things start with just small ambition.  
RT This Valentine's Day, spread love around the world with UNICEF.  
Europe wants less U.S. power over Internet  
【克鲁格曼：美国长期失业者被政客们抛弃了】参议院共和党人再一次采用拖延战术阻止对长期失业者进行补助，这些失业者只是经济形势的牺牲品，却被看成失败者，得不到应有的福利。  
Dr. Hamlin has my deepest respect.  
RT : 【希腊官员受贿之多，自己也已记不清】希腊国防部前副职坎塔斯承认接受国际军火商的贿赂，采购不实用的武器。但因为受贿次数太多，自己也不记得共有多少了。 
Lovely phone.  
Great post.  
Gorgeous.  
It's unfair to ask actors to take side in politics. After all, they aren't politicians and...  
RT : "Raging partisanship" leads columnist  to return to reporting, saying Americans need fact more than opinion http://…
": #Fingernails — 7 signs of possible health problems. " 
RT : 要我在许志永案件中低调一些，但我感觉自己没有高调过。这几天，我在新浪微博发的帖子，尽管连许的名字也不提，尽管内容十分地隐晦，但也迅速被私密。今天上午，被执法人员打招呼后，没想到下午就限制我在新浪微博发言，那怕是发个数字，也提示违反了规定。
Oops. There will be a lot of questions to be answered by the leadership in China.  
Hong Kong has just won a medal... for being the most unaffordable place to buy a house.  
Medical companies should work harder in catching up the R&amp;D effort of the IT companies.  
溫家寶自己或許沒有貪腐，但他的家人呢？誰可以給出具說服力的調查結果？當法治不彰，司法缺乏公信力，結果是連最高領導人都無法證明自己的清白。  
BBC is in deep trouble.  
Power tends to corrupt...  
最近一個多月，無法從香港訪問大陸的財新網（）和南方都市報（），奇怪了。
Martin van Creveld | Ariel Sharon's Lessons For Israel | Foreign Affairs  
On what legal base the Chinese government is authorized to put a citizen who is not convic...  
Very cute kitty.  
By rejecting such agreement at the beginning, at least the US is honest about its intentio...  
I still think the best way to turn around BlackBerry is to ditch its own OS, and replacing...  
20 times of the revenue? The management of Suntory could have just drunken too much Jim Be...  
And undoubtedly, China has done pretty good job in making the country safe, especially in...  
Many French presidents have been just too busy with their private lives to be effective pr...  
I'm so awed by the advancement of medical technology.  
心肺復蘇法權威指南 —— 美國心臟學會 
I normally don't comment on women's appearance, seeing this as sexist. But this post is pr...  
Recommended.  
美國民選領袖的風采，的確不一般。  
Lovely.  
的確如此，台灣是我最鍾愛華人地區，尤其喜歡它的人文條件。  
台灣的政治，曾經經歷過精彩的智力激盪的年代。  
RT We can do better in addressing the global epidemic of sexual violence. Here I tell the...  
Very cute song. How come I didn't know there was Halloween song when I was little? 
C. T. Hsia, Scholar of Chinese Literature, Dies at 92  
 please upgrade the firmware of your flagship HTC One more often. That is how to gain loyalty from the fans.
Good political article. Stand at the centrist ground but not dull.  
我當年不吃不喝存錢就是為了這個。  
I don't agree at all. I can survive without tablet or smartphone but not a PC. I think PC...  
RT : RT : 【中国公民自首，承认火烧中国领馆】中国驻旧金山总领事馆纵火案嫌疑人自首，系持美国绿卡的中国公民。FBI称此次纵火是个人行为，不涉及恐怖主义、政治或民权。
Being philosophical 
If I keep predicting I'll be alive tomorrow, the chance is that I can be only wrong once. So, I'll stick to the b... 
上邪！ 我欲與君相知，長命無絕衰。 山無陵，江水為竭， 冬雷震震，夏雨雪， 天地合，乃敢與君絕！
The pricing of medical products has always been a subject of keen debate.  
Classic county song. Make me weep. 
I suspect that eating has never been a pleasure for pythons. Look at that struugle to dige... 
Very interesting animal. 
I've been waiting for this for almost 2 years! BBC is one very cruel to Sherlock's fans.  
It would unfair to expect a city mayor to solve what are seen as national economic problem...  
What a "hack"…  
據說這考卷是出給那些學生逃課太過離譜的班級的...  
So, do we still need to pay for the copyright in HK? Not that I care as I have already own...  
Phew~~~ Almighty NSA…  
Beautiful.  
Admirable honesty.  
Common Knee Surgery Does Very Little for Some, Study Suggests  
How an AK47 works.  
Nationalist or not, Snowden would at least be remembered for his bravery to uphold what he...  
Can't wait for the new season of Sherlock. 
Look at the number of death caused by alcohol drinking.  
I don't understand Japanese, but I can only guess the caption of this photo… "pathetic" or...  
Snowden might not only be American hero, but also a hero of global civil rights.  
Convicted homosexuals were punished by chemical castration. Gruesome.  
Edward Snowden could be a hero in civil rights down the road of history.  
If you pay attention to the minuscules of everyday life, life can be extraordinary. 
One intriguing diplomatic row between 2 great powers.  
Well said.  
Beautiful machine.  
Sigh~~~  
If NSA cannot be reformed, the next Googles, Twitters, FBs, will be European companies. Ge...  
The US gov is getting more shameless everyday in the Snowden revelation. No respect to its...  
我在國內的電視臺看過他的表演，不知道原來是在美國這個出名的，本身還是Rice University的生化博士（） 
Dear President of China  
RT : 点评张成泽的判决书：  
This Pope looks like a hopeful reformist. Good to everybody, Christian or not.  
One more year to wait for this movie. Long waiting for me, now. 
Pew~~~ creativity doesn't always come with pleasantness.  
cool (House of Cards - Season 2 - Teaser Trailer - Netflix - HD)
What’s wrong with Science 
Eventually, the pilots flying commercial planes in China will all need to be military trained, given the ever wor... 
RT : 【教授张雪忠因提倡言论自由被解聘】华东政法大学教授张雪忠说，校方周一通知他，由于他拒绝为自己发表的一篇有关保障宪法权利的文章道歉，他将会被免职，此前他已被暂停了授课资格。
"It is the role of a free press to hold governments to account, and yet there have even been outrageous suggestio... 
Being doctors in Mainland China could be one of the toughest profession in the world. 
RT : Undeniable impact. See the progress against #AIDS driven by the  in the past decade. #WorldAIDSDay http://t…
Very sensible argument. 
RT Giant water balloon popping 
That's what I call tragedy... 
really cannot wait to watch it! 
Interesting. 
Great article. Even the purest spiritual pursuit can be skewed by business minds. 
ELSA 2013 Taipei 
Why is it so hard to change a law that makes so little sense in the most sophisticated democratic country in the... 
RT : 【土豪极品中的战斗机...[囧]】王女士驾驶新买的宝马车，在高速上行驶，车子忽然熄火并无法再启动，吓坏了王女士和小伙伴。次日，愤怒的王女士和一众亲友堵住宝马经销商门店入口，要求退车或换车。车辆检修发现居然是车！没！油！了！[抓狂] http://t.…
The Economist, being a conservative liberal in politics, I optimistic about Mr. Xi's reform. I hope this newspape... 
Jeremy Hammond: FBI directed my attacks on foreign government sites 
Discussions of Wen Jiabao's daughter censored in China as more foreign media sites blocked 
JP Morgan gave $1.8m contract to Chinese ex-premier's daughter – report 
RT : I guest-edited the latest issue of . What does a guest editor do, exactly? I explain on my blog: 
A city that has been flattened, literally… 
When the people need the government most, it is not there to help. Heart wrenching. 
John McCain says NSA chief Keith Alexander 'should resign or be fired' 
What is that? Intriguing. 
What can be more pleasing to a thrift soul by learning from the Yale without paying the hefty Yale tuition fees? 
Good French history lecture from Yale. 
I want to learn the trick too. 
RT : America’s six biggest banks have agreed to pay more than $65 billion in settlements related to the financial crisis http://…
My favourite traditional Singaporean meal. The 'teh O' (tea with milk) is so nice. 
What an amazing ring of insider trading in Wall Street. 
Translating for Dr. Antonio Longo's keynote speech during Shanghai Changhai International Colorectal Symposium. S... 
The consequence of unchecked power. Tip of iceberg, I think, about how US government is abusing its might in inte... 
Chen’s confession: who to trust in China now? 
13-10-28 - 1 
The Economist | Problems with scientific research: How science goes wrong  
Crane could be right. Political reality usually triumphs over justice in many places in the world. 
RT : “五岳散人”从警方处获悉，“变态辣椒”被传唤因他将转发的余姚饿死婴儿消息又发布到腾讯微博上

中央此次的命令，簡直是等同於要本來已經苟延殘喘的梁振英鞠躬下台無異，更甚者，恐怕連整個建制派的力量都會遭遇重挫。 
Having been in the US for 10 days, I'm now heading home. I miss you folks -- my bed and pillow. 
US exceptionalism at work, I presume? 
明報新聞網-中國-即時兩岸--陳毅兒子反思文革回校致歉[15:27]-20131015 
I've been in the US for over a week now. Just don't feel any inconvenience about the gov shut down. That perhaps... 
This beast is my dream motorcycle! 
Now I'm in the States, meeting with entrepreneurs of medical start-ups. They're really having big problems in rai... 
别有一番滋味。 
Good food at the coast of Connecticut. 
RT : For girls to fulfill their potential, we need to end #childmarriage. Here’s why:  #dayofthegirl
I also think Malala Yousafzai doesn't receive the Nobel Prize, this time, is good for her. The Prize is a huge ho... 
When politicians put politics before people, people know, eventually... 
Malala Yousafzai: Accolades, applause and a grim milestone 
Exclusive - Malala Yousafzai Extended Interview Pt. 1 
very overwhelmed by the courage and forgiveness of this 16 year old girl. Her parents must be the proudest parent... 
RT : Support Malala Yousafzai's efforts to help girls go to school. Learn more at 
RT : "Malala's on the show and I'm totally fangirling!" - Jon Stewart 
RT : "Why should I wait for someone else? ... Why don't I raise my voice?" - Malala Yousafzai 
RT : San Francisco commuters missed a murder on a train because they were staring at their phones | 
Awesome. 
Pharmaceutical firms paid to attend meetings of panel that advises FDA 
In Washington DC now for the ACS Congress. My 3rd trip to US this year.
If it is the salaries of these politicians, not of the federal workers, are frozen, and if the incomes of these p... 
If it is the salaries of these politicians, not of the federal workers, they would not have acted so ridiculously... 
Q: who's to blame for government shutdown? A: the Republican party 
Even NASA is affected. 
Great book to read. de Gaulle is very interesting historical figure from whom much inspiration can be drawn. 
I really enjoy watching 'The House of Card' TV drama, but now the reality show 'US gov shut down' is outclassing... 
That is the consequence when politics get radical. And I don't like the timing of it because I'm heading to US sh... 
Not so auspicious if you consider the price of a can of Coke... 
Drove up to Fei Ngo Shan yesterday. Then I discovered these 'relics' besides the panorama of Kowloon peninsula. 
昨天和朋友开车上飞蛾山，本来是看风景，却看到了一堆“遗迹”… [流汗] 
然后，我想说不准以后也能在山上进行PPH，反正都是盆底的事儿。特色治疗 /:v 
昨天和朋友开车上飞蛾山，本来是看风景，却看到了一堆“遗迹”… /::L 
Ronaldinho, my favourite footballer of all time. He's the best amalgamation of skills and creativity, in other wo... 
NSA employee spied on nine women without detection, internal memo shows 
RT : "Locate", in any of its forms, can usually be replaced by something less ugly. The missing scientist was "located" mean…
RT : Part of the strength and vitality of English is its readiness to welcome new words and expressions.
": Overused words: high-profile (try conspicuous, famous, well-known, publicity-seeking)"
Motorola, Nokia, Blackberry, Ericsson, most of the household names for mobile phone in the last decades are wiped... 
The American internet firms could be even more furious if their business is hurt by the scandal. 
As Merkel Is Showered in Glory, Hollande Trudges Through Drizzle -  
RT : 从当年杀杨佳，到杀何胜凯，就可知道夏俊峰案最终结果。特别是何胜凯，因为他想杀法院院长后把法警队长杀了，尽管辩护律师提供了他可能患有精神病的证据，但公检法就是不启动司法鉴定程序。在死刑复核阶段，辩护律师第四次提出司法鉴定申请，精神病学专家也出具…
RT : 【小贩夏俊峰被处死，引发公众愤怒】四年前，夏俊峰在恐慌中将两名城管刺死，本周三他在辽宁被处死。很多人通过社交媒体表达了愤怒，人们把他的命运与谷开来对比，质疑“法律之前人人平等”。
A news of last week. But still feel the nausea after reading such obnoxious comments from NRA. Just imagine what... 
勁！ 
I think some of the people who have signed up this website didn't intend to seek infidelity. They might just want... 
When Bo Xilai was in power, he didn't care much about justice and rule of law. Now, people like him might start r... 
Nothing is easy in car design and production. 
With such bad publicity, it's very hard to imagine Stephen Elop will become the successor of Steve Ballmer. 
Cool… Spread it. 
一位有者正義感的商人，值得敬佩。 
[Shinzo Abe pointed out] "that no Japanese athlete had failed a drugs test at an Olympics or Paralympics." 
怪不得連我也忍不住在追看，原來這部日劇這麽火的。 
The tech firms see their future of internet dominance at stake. 
RT : Like and unlike govern nouns and pronouns, not verbs and prepositions. So "as in America", not "like in America".
RT : Miners: Keep this word for people, not companies.
Ha. ": If you say "She was laying there" it suggests she was about to produce an egg."
Communities Dominate Brands: The Full Story of Nokia and Microsoft - How we got here, and why Microsoft will fail... 
I don't think there is any conspiracy behind Stephen Elop's works in Nokia. He is only unfit for the job. 
RT : 1 year ago: 230,000 Syrian refugees. Today: 2,000,000. 1/2 children. If we don't end the conflict, think what the figure…
Having almost killed Nokia as a CEO, now Steve Elop is contending the top post of Microsoft? Could Bill Gates, in... 
看来他老爹是铁定不会有大问题了。// ": 在boat basin cafe看到bo公子了 "
口水流了。 
Introduction to Logic 
Wow, I can't believe these actors didn't take precautions. 
Finally… 
RT : 1,000,000 of Syria's children are refugees. Please help  #childrenofsyria 
RT : Breaking: PS4 lands in North America on November 15th. Will you be joining us on day one? #GreatnessAwaits
RT "The biggest problem in the business world is not too little but too much—too many distractions and interrupti... 
Finally, a photo with my childhood idol, at Princeton University. 
RT : The secret to effective prayer is asking for things that would have happened anyway.
Moment of Truthiness -  
JPMorgan hiring in China under U.S. scrutiny: report 
Potential customer located: Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. 
Potential customer located: Georgetown University Hospital. 
Look like the Republicans are turning more paranoid than ever. You don't alienate yourself like this from mainstr... 
NASA Johnson Style, my favourite rework of Gangnam Style 
當政治對立的各方變得只有立場，卻沒有規則，無論政治體制是什麼，動亂和流血都無法避免。埃及的動蕩就是一個例子。 
The treasure of NASA Johnson Space Centre - Saturn V 
