MARY:咁快就一年?!會唔會係咁先 


華鎮邦 
listening to little something by Mag Lam

I liked a  video  【石頭唱】飆高音大鬥唱 - 汪峰《存在》
Chok 莑 

Nice! 聽到有阿莑的祝福語好開心 
好萌的峯峯哦 
I liked a  video from   How To RUIN The Mood
Cool 
Lovely 



TVB - 擦亮新歲 
Cringeworthy Goth - Wedding Trashers Ep 11 
雜果賓治同你拜個年Fruitpunch wish you a Happy New Year 
I liked a  video  雜果賓治同你拜個年Fruitpunch wish you a Happy New Year

Handsome neh
Yay! Alfred! ^_^ 
Time for bed for me now...
that's crazy 
讲多错多 
How To Date After College ft. Arden Cho+Paul Kim - IT'S....COMPLICATED Ep. 8 
omg! i wish to get one 


Wanna watch it 
Chok star 






TVB - 擦亮新歲 


Lol 

張家輝唱歌 
Hay&amp;Pet - 新成員加入-荔枝! (feat.提子,菠蘿仔) 

hilarious! can't identify the gender by the female  baby? while they're already said it's a baby girl
the one who... 
chok arh 

I liked a  video  【微服出巡】聲爺派糖之頭髮亂了


我和你變成我們－鄭秀文 - 音樂大人物 - KKBOX 
HOLY! So foggy out at night — feeling irritated
【率先看】2014.01.25 許廷鏗 「青春頌」@E-Max 許廷鏗「時光 」簽唱會 
【率先看】2014.01.25 許廷鏗 「時光」LIVE @E-Max 許廷鏗「時光」簽唱會 

Flawless Face on  by Michelle Phan 
Hay&amp;Pet - 新成員加入-荔枝! (feat.提子,菠蘿仔) 

listening to 許廷鏘 遺物


at Relish GastroPub &amp; Bar 
I liked a  video from   ⑅Get Ready With Me! Pub Night

Finally nominated for Sammi C for The Best Leading Actress la 
So random that i bumped into three friends just few minutes ago at RC after coming back from Western Lake Chinese... 

I liked a  video  2012 Global SM Audition Experience
Special Announcement for those who had added me in wechat:
Due to some issues going with my wechat, my wechat ID... 
Got another iphone 4S now and now need to restore data from previous old phone. The new one needed to charge for $228.00 sigh
I liked a  video  "想一天" My盛Lady插曲- (譚嘉儀Cover)
连猫都变gay了 




early april fool 
hilarious 
呢D我唔会觉得系艺术咯
拿来整估人差唔多
it seems more like wanna fool ppl and see what they will react when going to a washroom 
so cool 
发哥姐系发哥， 劲呀！ 
this is so pk, what's wrong with ppl 
Gonna exchange another iphone 4s again? It just got surtified — feeling sad
gamble movie again? More anticipation toward Fat Gor 
Worst artist ever 

I liked a  video  Bad Entrances - Wedding Trashers Ep 04



Chilam Channel 正式啟用 
Chilam Channel 正式啟用 
好粗獷形的阿莑 

laugh die me 


请放置一颗沒有剥皮的洋葱在房间里！千万人疯传 

或許有錢人就是如此。把印傭當奴棣看待 




I liked a  video from @marketingbigdog  BigCrumbs Intro Cash Back Shopping

time for my sleep now — feeling tired
holy! 


有谁能猜到以下的问题？[Shocked] 
wow! so beautiful arh 
ewwww....that's awful 
阿峯真有女人緣 
I liked a  video  SING ﹠ JIL －我的宣言（Ukulele Cover）









許廷鏗-蝸居,青春頌 年度勁歌金曲頒獎典禮 19-1-2014 



期待 



中肯 
恭喜晒! 
Congrats to Alfred Hui's too 

i wonder any girls wanna wear that 
listening to on my way 林峰
林峰 Raymond Lam - Nice 20140119 
Nice! 
OMG the fans cried out Fung BB, how cute 


林峯 - ON MY WAY 2013年度勁歌金曲頒獎典禮 最受歡迎男歌星 


男女歌手得主
恭喜晒！
明年再加油！ 
力撑到底 

Hoping LF will have new songs n new album in 2014 

《2013年度劲歌金曲颁奖典礼》男歌手奖：林峰 恭喜！i am proud of LF 阿峰的实力无白费的，加油！[Smile] 
恭喜林莑再次拿到男歌手獎
Congrats! 
恭喜晒 
Kpop class — at Stage One Academy Inc 
I liked a  video  JIL | 許廷鏗-面具 (ukulele cover) ft.石頭
Congrats 

J19 1st Anniversary Of Death Of Comrade, Zhu De, 1977 come bid now while lasts 
China Stamps J22 Memorial Hall for Great Leader  #ebaymobile bidding on its way 
China Stamps - J23 11th National Congress of the Communist Party of China #ebaymobile bidding on its way 
My new look today[Smile] 
I liked a  video  约会必胜发型 超简单优雅韩式花苞头
I liked a  video  How to Be One of a Kind




新购买的iphone壳终于到达了 Finally got my iphone's new "outfit"la 

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Time for my iphone to get a new outfit la 要替我部手機換新衣裳啦 
張智霖 Chilam Cheung - 你是如此難以忘記 Lyrics Video [Official] [官方] 


I liked a  video  Hay生活篇 - 城門水塘有好多馬騮

FART CUPPED IN THE CAR!!! 
Feel so bad for these philipine women 

感覺是另一種Jaden Cool的style, 好正 

J24 5th National People's Congress of the People's !  via  is now on its way to bid
J23 11th National Congress of The Communist Party of China !  via , bid is on its way
J22 Memorial Hall for Great Leader !  via 
come and find out. Bid is starting now


YanYan Vlog Life#011: 特別的朗誦技巧之英文版 Special Recitation Skills:  via @youtube New vlog has up. Come check it out
Customize your message 
I added a video to a  playlist  YanYan Vlog Life#011: 特別的朗誦技巧之英文版 Special



Tourism Richmond | The Official Source of Visitor Information 
insanity 
J19 1st Anniversary Of Death Of Comrade, Zhu De, 1977 
I liked a  video  放學DSE - 特別的朗誦技巧事件
So omg 
