我不喜欢就是不喜欢
我懒得理你
是你没对我说
别怪我，我也是有样学样
Yes! Haha
My wallet found back!
Happy cny!
不会吧
过年才来不见钱包
Always be like that,,wtf
Sienzz u
Dye the same colour back.wtf
No ice cream eat n fa LAN zha again,cute!
Sweetdream baby❤❤
U just say it,even though it a joke,but I feel like real
Nth I can do now
我会自己反醒的
I'm sorry
 good try
What a stupid gf I have
Everyday fa LAN zha
My noob gf
Goodbye my Sohai gf
Is time to break up
I really hate my gf .hen Lin Sophia
Alone maybe will be better
I really sick of this
Nth.dunno whether is her problem or mine?
What can I do?
Sem break party on!
Last paper
你不主动，我也不会
别了，忍着吧
明白的，每次都怕这个那个
别怪她
算啦，虽然还是不明白
对你这种人，已经到绝望的地步了
Fucking bored of u,two idiots
我是对不起你和她
为什么我那么犯贱
合照吧了嘛
我不想理了
要哭也不是现在
逞强吧，就当作没看到
又伤害了一个女生
Unforgettable
A happy day
Time to cry man!
It okay,no one will know it
2112
Just a normal Saturday
生日快乐我对自己说
我的胸口很痛
一个两个都是将
你的对不起来迟了
我不应该再找她
如何抉择
Brainless mother
Just fuck off urself
作模我女友将没脑的
野蛮到啊，淋7难顶
Din support me still fa lan zha
Fuck 9 u
Sohai god
Getting worse
My destiny
I hate u badly
We are getting closer n closer
I will show them how great that I am
Yes,manager of the day next next week!
无奈咯对着你
竟然我话都那么没影响力，就算了吧
有Tab了，我也只能靠边站
It too hard for u accompany me to my grandma house
We are about over
Not more than that
Ur promise just like a shit
I'm ady told u I'm dun like
我却得到你安慰的淘汰
眼泪在眼里翻滚
终于都可以自己一个人了
讲什么，自己也不是一样
Fernando torres the man of the match!
Love u suet yeng
分手吧
狠心点
我不会在对你那么好了
Fucking annoy
Waiting to break up
All over
I won't treat u good again as u din appreciate it at all
爱走了
你不是以前的你了，我们的寿命就来完了
什么都是我错
没一天是开心的
难道你要我离开了，你才会后悔珍惜？
又来乱发脾气
他跟我道歉、心顿时暖了
可能你有另一个他了
我顶不顺你的臭脾气
我想你突然说一句，宝贝别这样拉，老婆在你身边啊
你看得出我难过吗？
我算是你一生中最重要的人之一吗？？
其实我很介意
明天会更好吗？？
我真的很爱你，15个月快乐❤❤
勉强没幸福
我是傻子吗？
你不懂我的心有多挣扎
还少过讲晚安的时候
我写那么多给你，而你却只写1年3个月快乐，我爱你木啊
唱歌唱到哭，但我不懂我哭什么
好人是没好报的
对，我就是变了，我不要在那么好了
不如让我不再看到你拉，好吗？
也许我就不应该那么投入
你真会写你跟你朋友的快乐，那我跟你的叻？？
没有吗？
我释放不了
想不到又要回到这里写
付出了就不要求回报
真的很伤心
很想哭，但不能
你不爱我了
为什么开心的日子不能长久？？
做莫会变将的
我不能再心软了
我应该狠心一点
我们非要一起到老
想回家的感觉了
你有了另一个
你不爱我
完全掺不进的，哈哈哈
我只是局外人
永远一起好吗？？
我真的很爱你
你根本不会珍惜我对你的好
如果你没了我，我没了你？？
我想哭
我不敢问
如果有的选，你要朋友还是我？？
朋友是重要过我的，哈哈哈
经常都想结束
不怎么开心今天
我不喜欢你的那些猪朋狗友
我是醋桶
