跟陆子君講了一堆東西，也相通了
 我起身了
原來日記一個月沒有寫過
Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via 
Moment 怎樣post status?  
 no lah.  He just leave
 ask ck...
3 of us chitchat right here.
 really far loh
 I stay at Zi Qin there
Lose money today.
No mood to gamble
 我不要这样的魅力 == 呵呵
      later you're going??
sohb, 素未谋面，只是聊过几句，就问我干嘛去penang没找他。==‘
Home, I miss you
AK6143.. On board.. (@ Penang International Airport (PEN) w/ 13 others) 
MC cafe.. Heading to KL.  Home.
Still in sleep mode
 發作了啊！
Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers via 
丁噹
就算我不自拍，都會有人跟我拍照。。。哈哈哈哈哈哈！爽爆了！手機照片又來了！
到底明天行程如何？5A的你們
   serdang or Bukit jalil oh?
Straight to gathering after arrival
Heading to airport At 5am.  Sad
 let me simplify it
Seaside restaurant, opt view or hygiene? 
Sea view restaurant (@ Hai Boey Seafood (海尾海鲜) w/ 2 others) 
Relaxing moment.. 
Better stay here before I melt outside (@ Gurney Plaza w/ 48 others) 
Today stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via 
強顏歡笑
 rtm
16個人一間房子！強大！幸好夠多房間
Can't bear the seafood served right in front of me and now I'm paying for that.  Wounds swollen and weeping
Whole day I'm stuck in car,  village,  workshop without 3g there and battery power...
Damn tired!
I'm at Swiss-Garden Golf Resort &amp; Spa Damai Laut (Lumut, Perak) w/ 4 others 
15个人，一桌，开餐呗！ (@ 双城海鲜酒家) 
这里真的是鸟不生蛋的地方
他们不做生意咧。。没得吃咯！ (@ 国记海鲜酒家饭店) 
3 cars turned into 2 cars.  12 person in two cars.  Geng!  Continue our journey..
We supposed to reach there right now
We chat at here teruk
One of our cars break down here.  Looking for workshop right now (@ Tol Bukit Merah) 
   你們有沒有顧慮我的感受的？
Purposely drive to perak  there.  Ipoh  and Taiping then just eat and leave
 photos
2 hours to go...
Indeed many of them are from ipoh
 I'm heading to a village.  Don't know where is it
Heading to perak from penang.  Spending 2 hours in car...
  oooooooo
破處了啦！吃蝦了 (@ Maxim Dim Sum Restaurant (美食之家) w/ 5 others) 
  fooyee 要生一打
Today stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via 
但是我那表哥罷了樓下偏廳，客廳也有人
很想今晚聊天聊通宵的
Great self-shooting girl. 
#新對象 this girl really loves self-shooting. 
 當然啦！師妹好
 haha.  Why not serious,?
 你講我啊！
 當然繼續啦！
 教我幾招
我哥說跟我買衣人都年輕十年，那麼明年再找我買衣吧！
 我哥也是
": 回憶越是甜就是越傷人。"沒有回憶也是傷人的
 看顯了
  不懂咧
 你的好像一直都一樣的。。。
   我鬼有身材咩
  屁股再大就慘了咯
 Mickie 換profile picture 啦
  去group 看啦
 I miss that!
哲敏姐的化妝照呢？
 你最喜歡的啦
   講講下頭發又講身材
  哎呀，開學啦，我們再聚賭！哈哈
   是嗎？我還是覺得我這樣比較好看
 你的魅力又如何呢？
 不好看的啦
好聽
愛到無法想象
愛到極度瘋狂
 我8K罷了
   來啦來啦，我期待
  你有去嗎？明天
  你來penang
 過份咯
  對對對！
   是嗎？親愛的，你超有女人味的哦
  你們兩個好意思哦
  來吧！輸給我吧！
一年一聚，小帥哥 
  sotong 眾望所歸
  I'm not cute, so I give it to you. Cutie
 哇，天塌下來了咯
 tummy so cute
 等你open house 啦
 好心啦，學下斯文的我
 I'm here
又忘記backup message 。。。干！
 你都來twitter 湊腳啊
Wifi 超多人搶
 我送你我的
 哇，你醬瘦，好心吃肥點啦
總之可以擺進人家的口的，就不能擺進我的口
等等等等的
冬菇
筍
海蔘豬肚湯
牛筋湯
每道菜都是我不能吃的
  有啦！今天親戚家開年，全部好吃的都不能吃。。。
   我都還沒好。。
  我有恐懼症
 背哪裡哦？我甚麼都不懂
 我只會畫熊貓罷了噢
This pilot failed his landing skills
 做么哦？
出門最怕帶行李
 畫！
#np  突然想愛你
Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed 3 people via 
Please!  God bless!  Quickly recover...  Seafood is waiting for me
My we chat have many similar contacts.  Which I really don't like.  Will misread some texts
Taxi driver comes at 12?? Means I have to sleep now
表姐男友很像我哥？真的沒有哦？
我們應該什麼都很聰明的回答，對對對有有有是是是
幹嘛新年都愛問人有沒有男女朋友？？？
兰陵王的儿子很cute！
Ahhh! Mummy sweet kiss. &lt;3 
  sure become pretty geh
  ya，照片！
懶惰化妝
Yeah! Great day today!
你傻喔？
小寶貝
小寶寶
RT : 很累了
Walao，全部都還沒睡的哦
argh！開心的日子來什麼emo的！
這個時候，明明一直在看戲，卻突然很emo，很很很很很emo
I thought everyone should be home for their reunion
 看戲看到上癮啊？
想到今天午餐我大嫂叫的那個sotong tom yam,直接emo掉。。。
今年我不要去跟他們吃團圓飯，明智的選擇！
雖然我買不到我要找的，但是還是有收穫的！
我妹妹比較夠力，一件頂我幾件。
我哥哥跟我講今年不能給紅包，醬今天你們就一人選一樣東西吧～
Receiving my new year gift with my brother this afternoon... going for dinner right now...
New year eve shopping...crowded and rush at sunway pyramid.. 
": Care too little = You'll lose them.  

Care too much = You'll get hurt" seems right....
 因为你是妈妈级人物嘛
 是是是
 我问候那个狗他还要敷衍敷衍酱sohb到…
我一定要跟他去吃早餐的，不然不懂要等到几点才能出门
如果今天我哥哥放飞机，我会铲他上天花板
四点才睡，现在却醒来，睡不着了。
Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers via 
": 意外是没人想到的 别自责"人沒事就好
爱情哪里有理你是不是皇帝哦
一个皇帝为了天女这样？
宇文邕比较好看咯
多情跟没有情好像都一样
雪舞去卖好看
 i will skip
the conversation makes me laugh like stroked.
郑儿byebye后就很好看了
郑儿害人终害己
朱配以真的是我的百科全书，有什么就直接问她
最近餐餐自己煮，煮到不懂要煮什么了。。。
     deng,我要吃都不能吃啊！！
我在家里对电视对电脑对了3天了
四爺揭穿了哪一幕好看
費事等
我的習慣都是等戲出完了才看的
蘭陵王有點悶到我了
Fortunately I didn't go to school. You won't have chance to use your phone.
      哇老，你刚刚才周游列国罢了咯
我很38去问配以她的内伤怎样
我还要特地大大声讲出来给全部人听来气她
突然觉得好贴心，呵呵
还千叮万嘱我要戒口tim
突然想到我外伤的时候有人内伤，她怎么了？haha
The time I wake is the time they finish school.
可是我現在醬的樣
我明天想回校咧
很早之前我就知道有点不对劲了，现在就算了吧
戒口ing，每天药材汤udon. 
Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers via 
我moudiu啊！ post照片
哈哈，穿着出去，人家还以为我是什么州手
今天那件武术的衣真的帮了我很多
Well, no more seafood, eggs, beans, shoyu... argh! How can I tahan?
