草原所有权模糊 内蒙古牧民抗议频发 
王毅：中国将为周边国家提供三个重要机遇。#中国改革 #中国倡议 #中国主场 
Shanghai, Beijing Tackle Air Pollution 
Google Unveils Smart Contact Lens That Lets Diabetics Measure Their Glucose Levels 
【蒙古国贸易发展银行发行人民币7亿元3年期点心债，票息10%】香港--道琼斯通讯社周三看到的销售文件显示，蒙古贸易发展银行(TDB of Mongolia)成功发行总值人民币7亿元点心债，成为首家发行点心债的蒙古国银行。Dim-Sum 
 Chinese Millionaire wealth report 2013 source: 
Хятадад 1 сая доллартай хүн гэхэд манай улсын хүн амтай тэнцүү хэмжээний байх аж. 
Can't Take My Eyes Off You - Walk off the Earth (Feat. Selah Sue): 
Sino-Russian Competition in Mongolia 
Монгольское месторождение «Оюу Толгой» на 6 месте в мире по запасам золота | Новости "МОНГОЛИЯ СЕЙЧАС" 
中国外交部长王毅邀请，蒙古国外长鲁布桑旺丹·包勒德将于1月16日至21日对中国进行正式访问。FM  will pay an official visit to China (PRC) on January 16-21. 
Mongolia sees Oyu Tolgoi deal this month 
China’s Three Challenges in 2014 
RT : Moody's assigns B1 to Trade and Development Bank of Mongolia's proposed CNY notes 
RMB now 2nd most used currency in trade finance,overtaking the Euro. 
人民币成第二大贸易货币，留意人民币国际化新挑战 
China’s Yuan Now World’s 2nd Most Used Trade Currency, Bumps Off Euro 
China news round-up: Tibetan father self-immolates, Zhou Yongkang's son assists probe 
Zhou Bin, Son Of China's Security Chief Zhou Yongkang, Aids Corruption Investigation 
Biden in Asia: Stopping Conflict a Priority 
Men and women's brains are 'wired differently'  
United Nations Missions Photos 
Global education survey puts Shanghai on top 
Head of Invest Mongolia Agency, Sereeter Javkhlanbaatar's interview 
В Монголии прекратило вещание радиостанция «Голос России –монгольская редакция»  
Mongolia TV Broadcasts to Buryatia and Tuva 
RT :   2011онд Монголоос Канад руу 2.11тн алт гаргасн гэтэл Монголоос Канад 5тн алт хүлээн авчээ Зураг http…
East Mongolian #Aduunchuluun coal liquefaction project technical and economic evaluation was approved. #МАК #Dornod 
RT @Statistic2: Social and economic situation of Mongolia (As of the first 10 months of 2013) 
RT : President of Mongolia  at #worldin2014: We need to diversify the economy 
China’s ADIZ: Taiwan’s Dilemma 
国防部：日本先撤防空识别区 中方44年后再考虑 
Япон 1969 онд өөрийн агаараас хамгаалах бүс(ADIZ) байгуулж байжээ.  Хятад зүүн тэнгист ADIZ сая байгууллаа. Тайванийг талууд шахаж эхэллээ.
蒙古国总统率百人经贸团访港 
Is #China buying 1Bil tons of #coal a good news for #Mongolia? #railway #shenhua  
蒙古國舉辦第一屆國際呼麥大賽 
#Rio Tinto #Turquoise Hill(Copper mine in Mongolia) Unit to Proceed With $2.4 Billion Rights Offer  
China's 'Jade Rabbit' buggy first to land on, explore the moon in early December 
The Iranian Nuclear Question: China’s Perspective 
As a Mongolian new generation, we have to remember those last century's representatives who made historical contributions in modern Mongolia
(The Mongolian People's Republic, MPR). Now known as Mongolia.
26 Nov. 1924, Mongolia declared itself as an independent country with the adoption of its first Constitutional Law.
1924年11月26日蒙古宣布成為一個獨立國家並採用第一部憲法。当时蒙古人民共和國（MPR）。現已更名為蒙古國。作為新蒙古國兒女，歷史的今天,我們永遠銘記那些上世紀代表人物為近代蒙古國所作出的歷史性貢獻。 
RT : No. of bank accounts per 1,000 adults in Mongolia increased by more than 9 times between 2006-2011   #fin…
Avenida Brasil - 5 músicas mais tocadas !: 
Province: Inner Mongolia - Deutsche Bank Research(Oct 13, update) 
BoM N. Zoljargal at Mongolia Investment Summit in Hong Kong 
Xi Jinping: China’s Hope and Change President? 
Mongolian Economy and Finance: Policy-less governance 
Rio Tinto blames Mongolia for wanting bigger share. 
RT : Хөх тэнгэрээс илгээгдсэн
Хөх толбот монгол хүн, ТА ГАЙХАМШИГ. 
 хэхэ. Баярлалаа.
 Ким Чен Ун Бээжинд айлчлах хүсэлтээ илэрхийлсэн гэж ойлголоо.
金正恩向北京请求希望在明年春节前访华 
That's sad... That's sad!!! How mobile phone affect your life? (Short film) 
JPMorgan Chase had secret ties with Wen Jiabao's daughter to 'promote' within China 
Frozen Trailer Disney 2013 Movie Teaser - Official [HD]: 
Turkmenistan Chooses California-based SpaceX American Rocket to Launch First Satellite in late 2014. 
RPT-Fitch Affirms Mongolia's Khan Bank and XacBank at 'B'; Outlook Stable 
North Korea and Mongolia: A new partnership for two old friends? 
呼伦贝尔市与蒙古国苏和巴托区缔结友好城市 Сүхбаатар дүүрэг ӨМ-ын Хөлөнбуйр хотын хооронд найрамдалт хамтын ажиллагааны гэрээ байгуулагдав. 
  Миний мэдэхээр Өвөрмонголын Ордос, Хөххот,Хайлаар 3 хотод "Чингис хааны" талбай бий.Энэ Ордосынх 
Mongolia's wealthy politicians 
Mongolia’s wild asses cornered from all sides 
Ecotourism playing key role in Mongolia's transition to green economy 
China's UN envoy calls for support to least developed countries (LDCs) and landlocked developing countries (LLDCs). 
习李吸取胡温被垂帘教训 巩固总理权力 | 三中全会 
安倍政权紧锣密鼓编织国家安全网 
RT : You've been warned.

Mongolia is printing a lot of money. (Chart: Morgan Stanley) 
Sentosa Mining completes first round of drilling at Mongolia copper-gold project 
Japan's lower house passes bill to set up U.S.-style National Security Council (#NSC) 
Chinese Party Meeting Calls for Establishing ‘National Security Council’ 
China's Leaders Urge More Market Control of Economy 
中共中央十八届三中全会公报发布(全文) 
三中全会公报：说好的改革呢？
中国成立国家安全委员会，傅政华升公安部长 
RT : China to establish state security committee 
Засгийн газрын гадаад бонд 
HBOil (MSE: HBO)- The Last Frontier, a Review of Our Recent Site Tour in the DPRK 
E-Commerce хөгжүүлэх хэрэгтэй. Хэн гэдэг нь чухал биш.  
Shell closing in on second shale gas PSC in China 
Монгольский Ганжур вошел в список мирового документального наследия ЮНЕСКО 
11 сарын 14-нөөс Хятадын "Beijing airlines" БНХАУ Өвөрмонголын Эрээнхотоос Улаанбаатар хот руу нислэг үйлддэг болно. 
据悉，北京首都航空有限公司（简称“首都航空”）将于11月14日正式开通二连浩特直飞乌兰巴托的国际航线。班期为每周二、四，航班号为ＪＤ３１１／ＪＤ３１２；航班在二连浩特起飞时间为１６：００，抵达乌兰巴托时间为１７：２０；乌兰巴托起飞时间为１８：５０，抵达二连浩特时间为２０：１０。
人民日报评论员：抓住重点领域和关键环节，下好改革一盘棋 
China to try Mongol herders in new crackdown in troubled region 
Does Xi Jinping really want reform? If so, he would unravel China 
Three Views of the Communist Party’s Third Plenum 
马云：王健林如果赢了 我们这个社会就输了
Beijing denies report private investors could buy 15 per cent of state-owned firms  
This Asian City Is Killing Its Locals With Coal - All News Is Global 
蒙古国驻华大使策登扎布·苏赫巴特尔：中蒙双方应发挥各自潜力和优势推动两国合作交流。  
China’s PayPal(ALIPAY) extends its tentacles into US with big travel partnership 
RT : What’s happened to Putrajaya’s appeal, ask Mongolia and Altantuya’s dad: Setev Shaariibuu, the father of murde... http://t.…
Nests of Big-Clawed Dinosaurs Found in Mongolia 
蒙古国总统额勒贝格道尔吉成为金正恩自2011年12月执掌政权后首位访问朝鲜的外国元首。那么，朝蒙走近的背后是什么呢？俄罗斯科学院远东所副所长谢尔盖·卢佳宁(Sergei Luzyanin)认为，背后不仅是两个东亚国家有意巩固双边合作。 
 harin tiimee.
Mongolia’s construction sector busy – and stretched 
Agreements on Cooperation between Governments of DPRK, Mongolia Signed.  
President Obama’s ‘I don’t know’ strategy — and its limits 
Cartography: The true true size of Africa | The Economist  
蒙中开辟能源合作新阵线 
Compass for diplomacy #China 
Deputy President of South Africa Mr Kgalema Motlanthe to visit Mongolia 
French firms eye Mongolian resources and contracts 
ESCAP: APTA welcomes Mongolia as its seventh member 
 hen?
Mongolia pushing for rail, pipeline links with China, Russia 
China’s Baidu search engine coming to Thailand 
中国和蒙古国战略伙伴关系中长期发展纲要(全文) 
Ийм нэгэн Хойд Солонгос  
По результатам визита Премьер- министра Монголии в Китай подписано 10 документов 
С политическим докладом на съезде МНП выступил У.Энхтувшин 
蒙古国肯特省代表团访问中国内蒙古自治区呼伦贝尔市 
蒙古国最大反对党蒙古人民党27大开幕 
蒙古国总统：希望蒙法发展全面伙伴关系 (法国外长访问蒙古国) 
加拿大总督访问蒙古国. 
Mongolia, China to up cooperation 
China’s Cleaner-Air Plan Puts Water Supplies at Risk: WRI says, 
France GDF Suez to Build Power Plant in Mongolia. 
Statement by the Governor General of Canada in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia in the Presence of President Tsahia Elbegdorj 
Top 10 most gender equal countries in Asia and Pacific. Mongolia (33) improved from its 2012 position of 44th place.
Experience luxury travel to Mongolia  
Hall-of-shame company AREVA re-activates operations in Mongolia  
Mongolia Closer to Ending Dispute With Rio Tinto on Copper Mine 
Mongolia's special relationship with North Korea pays economic dividends 
Backpacking in Mongolia: Top 5 Must Do’s in the Altai Mountains  
Young People Say Technology Is Often Dehumanizing But Makes Life Easier 
(how adorable, way to go kids! :P) Kids Table - Government Shutdown: 
 Зургийг потошопоор зассан байна. Ойртуулж хараарай.
Mongolian draught player beats 12-time world champion 
China customs impasse locks up $11bn Mongolian play 
Putin Builds North Korea Rail to Circumvent Suez Canal 
#World Bank Cuts Developing East Asia GDP Forecasts: The region Economic Update, October 2013  
#ADB revised down the region growth of GDP from 6.6%-6%. Asian Development Outlook 2013 Update  
A tipping point for Mongolia's democracy? 
RT : RT  Whose GDP is most impacted by a China slowdown? Mongolia, Australia, Kuwait, in that order. http://t.co/…
Заримдаа чи тэнгэрээс дээгүүр, заримдаа чи зүгээр л хумхийн тоос төдий. 
Governor General to Undertake State Visits to China and Mongolia 
from October 24 to 26, Prime Minister of Canada announces Governor General State visits to China and Mongolia. 
彭博社报道称蒙古国经济发展部预计蒙古国2013年GDP增速为14.8%.
Ministry of Economic Development of #Mongolia expects the country's GDP growth of 14.8% in 2013. via  #forecast
Wolf Petroleum identifies oil seeps at Mongolia oil and gas block  
How Legal Eagles in Inner Mongolia Destroyed Each Other in Public Tit for Tat  
The Tsaatan: Mongolia's Reindeer People  
Changing Patterns of Power in Historical and Modern Central and Inner Asia 
Opponents to Centerra’s Kumtor gold mine in Kyrgyzstan take governor hostage 
RT : Apple's first iPhone was actually invented in 1983: 
BBC News - China tells US to avoid debt crisis for sake of global economy 
“If Japan wants to revive its economy, it’s all about empowering women,” Brad Glosserman says.  
China reassures neighbors over economy, reforms 
S.Korean President Park Geun-hye asks Chinese President Xi Jinping persuade N.Korea to renounce its nuclear programme 
US and China tussle for trade dominance at APEC, Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation 
Putin to meet leaders of Japan, China and Indonesia on sidelines of APEC summit. 
Typhoon Fitow affects 4.56 million people in East China. 
PRESENTATION BY MR  MINISTER FOR  OF #MONGOLIA at #APEC 25th SUMMIT.  
The Human Capital Report: 
Mongolia wants Danish energy solutions 
Fast-Developing Mongolia Seeks to Join APEC Club. 
“钢铁丝绸之路”能否惠及朝鲜  
Xi Jinping Seeks Political Solutions on Taiwan After Closer Trade Ties. 
America, China and space science: Chinese? You're not welcome 
Byamba Sakhya’s first film revolves around a rural teenager trying to connect with city life and urban dwellers. 
RI renews support for Mongolia’s APEC bid | The Jakarta Post 
Success of Shanghai free-trade zone can usher in next era of reform.  
China’s Big Currency Strategy.  
蒙古國通過新投資法案。 
ABRHS alum teaches, learns in Mongolia.  
Skyline of tents, towers shows Mongolia inequality.  
Mongolia Sets Same Rules for Foreign Private Investors With Law 
  Чи л мэдэж,ярьж, сурталчлахгүй бол чиний өвгөдийн түүхийг хэннэгэн,ямарнэг хэлээр агуулгын засвартайгаар хийх болно. 
 Хубилай хааны талаар 60 ангит киног хийх юм байна. #Монгол 电视剧《忽必烈》启动仪式成功举办。  
Ийм л бна Genghis Khan movie production starts with ceremony in Mongolia.  
电影《成吉思汗》签约仪式在中国内蒙古呼和浩特成功举办。 
Mongolian president  appealed military funds redirect to education and healthcare.  
第十四届西博会10月23日在蓉(成都)举行. 本届西博会将首次设立主宾国，确定由蒙古国担任；轮值主席单位为云南省，主题市州为阿坝州。蒙古国总理诺•阿拉坦胡亚格对中国进行正式访问并出席在本届西博会。
The 14th WCIF will be held from Oct 23 to 27, 2013 in Chengdu,China. Mongolian PM  will be visit to China and attend WCIF.
Minister of Roads and Transportation  ,  met in Beijing Mr.Yang Chuantang  
Building Mongolia’s Future with Books 
Daniyar Narymbayev: Kyrgyzstan election technologies should be not worse than in Mongolia 
Entering a new era of industrial cooperation in Northeast Asia 
Russia, North Korea Reopen Railway Link 
": Desert agriculture in Saudi Arabia. "
Bo Xilai bol one of tip of iceberg baiw.Shuuh hurlyn shiidwerni iceberg hoorondoo murgulduj hagarch neg ni uirch hotsorch bui l scene tudii.
 чвлввт эдийн засаг гэж байдгийм уу? Манайх л бий болгоно гэж жоол савчлаа. ОХУ-БНХАУ дунд!Улсынхаа експорт, имрортоо хар...
Smartphone of the Future. #phonebloks  
Camping out in Mongolia.  
Amazing pics! Mongolia Gobi Desert 1000 Mile Journey.  
Alibaba and Tencent Challenging Banks?  
How Sohu-Tencent Deal Hurts Qihoo 360 In Search Fight Vs. Baidu 
Japan should push democracy, not just deals on resources, in Central Asia 
Xi Jinping’s New Silk Road: Chinese foreign policy, energy security and ideology 
China in Central Asia: Rising China, sinking Russia  
Softbank's Masayoshi Son Japan expected from delivering electricity from Gobi Desert, Mongolia. 
Mongolia Joins Shale Revolution, But at What Cost?  
Denver Botanical Garden to be built in Mongolia 
Mongolia to Sell Up to $1 Billion in Samurai Bonds. 

iPhone 5s and 6 Concept Without Home Button | Leaked Photos  
Syria: Mapping the conflict  
