今天 - 一个快乐的日子！#style #fashion #brooch #elegant 
What is your Favorite thing about yourself? Yep! Time to remind ourselves of WHO we are in Christ! Let's Go!
I am confident not in myself, but in my creator, therefor, I am confident in myself because he created me and what he creates is GOOD!
Lack of self - confidence is from the devil, NOT God! Confidence comes from God!
 :)
The YourFavoriteBrooch &amp;TheDazzleEarrings from  today! What #accessories did you wear today? 
A pretty little teacup for you this morning!   Image Via:  
If anyone knows a serious #MandarinTeacher in #Beijing, please let me know. I want an intensive, serious Mandarin coach. :D Demanding also!
If you need outfit inspiration check out my blog here&gt;  First post shows you 5 ways to wear a black dress in 3 Mins!
Good Morning!
I'm not perfect, but God still uses me. Same for you!
It's NEVER too late to live the life that God has for you! Don't listen to that lie! It's time to Live NOW!
Happy Sunday! Partner up with God and get Ready to see Miracles Occur Today! 
Sweet Dreams! &lt;3 God's Ready to talk to you! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 :D :D :D How Exciting! I can't wait for his Dreams!
Wear what feeds your soul. &lt;3 
You are Spiritually Strong! No Strength is more real than that!
You are Spiritually Strong and even on your darkest days you Stand On The SOLID Rock! It's the TRUTH!
You can be Physically and Emotionally Weak, but SPIRITUALLY Strong!
Do you like veils on hats? I LOVE them!   What's your opinion? Image Via:  
You are Strong, Beautiful and Brave!
Mommy and I. :D 
What is your favorite recipe for a first time cook? I'm a cooking newbie and would love some easy and yummy ideas! :) #chef #food #recipe
I REFUSE to let today go by Without Going After My DREAMS! #HongKong #CheungChauIsland #CheungChau 
  Thank you! I will! :D
I am THANKFUL Yes I am, THANKFUL for Today! :D
  OHHHH SOOOO FUN! Enjoy your day. :D
Are you a coffee or tea person? :)
GOOD MORNING! I'm Feeling FRESH, NEW, ALIVE, Inspired and Like the Holy Spirit of God is ALL Over my Life, Because IT IS!!! Receive that!
我爱钻石和绿宝石的搭配。而且这个V形也如此吸引人！这完美的形状让你不得不想把她戴在脖子上！Image Via:  #emeralds #diamonds 
Good Night! It's time for a Vintage nightgown, praying and a book. &lt;3 Image Via: #vintage 
IT'S HERE!!! Today's Episode of MiaSalituroTV- 5 Elegant Ways to Wear a Black Dress in 3 Mins! 
 :D Awesome! Actually suits you! I can imagine you doing that type of dancing! I love it! SO Beautiful! &lt;3
 Adorable! Such a great picture! Lovely spirit!
Ohhhh, A great Winter Glam look!  Image Via:  #1940sfashion 
  Awesome! :D
RT : Behind the scenes: #Malala arm wrestling with a Syrian refugee while visiting . 
  Awesome! I was looking for and wanting to create an inspiring Style interview for my community! Will check it out! :D
You don't need an "excuse" to Dress up! Your REASON for Dressing up is That You're Alive!!! #fascinator 
My Grandma is Awesome! She just posted this on Google Plus! Beautiful &lt;3 #advancedstyle #grandma #fashion 
Not my signature style, but I would have lots of fun wearing this! Fierce &amp; exotic! Via: #style 
 :D Yah! I loved it so much! I pinned it about a year ago, and I came across it again today while searching! :D
Justice IS defined by God, NOT by men!
What is the most encouraging thing that someone has ever told you?
 AWESOME! THANK YOU Elizabeth! God Bless right back to you!
这是我2013年的粉色日记本。还没到年底就被我写满。需要一个新日记本了！你写日记吗？#journal #diary #fashion #style #dream #china #beijing 
hehe Me too! I speak Facebook more fluently than Twitter,no excuses! There are people that we'll only meet here!  
REGARDLESS of how I Feel today, I will DO what God tells me to do! Who's with me?
 Ohhh Yummy! One of my favorite breakfast foods! Reminds me - I need to get some! :D Thanks for the reminder! ;)
 Yah! Morals and business success go together! I think there is a misconception that they are against each other.
 Awesome! :D
  Congrats! You ALWAYS reap what you sow! Good sowing! :D
There is something about a pretty little tea cup that gets my excited for the day! :D  
 Interesting! Reminds me of a design that might be worn by a Chinese Empress with a few changes to this design.
Good Morning! God is going to guide you today! Are you going to follow him? :D I say "YES!!!" :D :D :D
If we don't know what chains are holding us down, we'll never cast them off!
One of my sins was exposed tonight, but the good news is, I am set free. 
One of my sins was exposed tonight. If we don't know what chains are holding us down, we'll never cast them off! 
Good Night! I'm wishing you Awesome Dreams! May you Dream about what God has called you to do! And may you wake up and DO IT!  AMEN!
 HAPPY Birthday!
 :D Awesome!
 Hey, Hope you're managing to get your rest this week. ;) Rest, Work and Play. :D
 Hey Angela!
 You're Welcome! :D I sure will! :D I hope you're having a great week!
 You're Welcome Mindee. :D My pleasure!
God's Enthusiasm Runs through me and I WON'T Give it up!
在冬天和寒冷的日子里，你如何保持迷人依旧呢？ 我喜欢那些迷人的帽子！ 你呢？#fashion #style #China 
What is one Miracle that God did in your life? I want to hear! Tweet it! Let's Sing Him Praise!!!
True love is given not earned. &lt;3
 Hey there! Still wasn't able to get access to the download.I didn't see it-maybe a glitch :) Let me know how I can get it :)
"Self-hatred comes from only seeing our worth and success according to the flesh and comparison. Let God define you. Good night." - IHOP
Looking for the Brooch that you can put on EVERYTHING to make your look Elegant and Glamorous? 
Druzys很美！我想要这样一个！#natural #gemstone #precious 
What I'm wearing today! Do you like headscarves? :D #style #chic #classic 
Sporting my Stunning 1920's Lady In Red Hat! Still ONE Left!!!  But, Not For Long! #vintage 
I'm Excited about Today! 
RT : The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes. - Tony Blair
Good Morning you beautiful and irreplaceable soul!
Before bedtime Style Happiness! :D Oh La La Ladies ~ I love the feather fans! Via:  
 WOW! Thank you so much for Kimberly. Weird too, since my inside enemy has been telling me "I'm not good at Twitter." ;)
 OHHHH, These are Gorgeous! &lt;3 Very Beautiful!
 AMEN! &amp; The enemy likes to convince us that our Biggest issues are IN our anointing! He knows where we hold a THREAT!
  :D :D :D Enjoy!
 hehe Well, How fabulous it looks WAY overpowers the shedding!
The Glory is Yours and I won't Stop making it known! &lt;3
Your Dream might seem Strange to others, but to God it makes Perfect sense!
我期待能带大大的太阳帽的夏日！ 这个春天，还有夏天，你最期待的是什么？#fashion #style #dream 
这是我现在的电脑桌面。作为一个很好的提醒。#encouragement #inspiration #motivation #freedom 
I am more in LOVE with God today than ever before! He is keeping me going! He is encouraging me to do "crazy" things to be obedient to him!
What do you think of this interior? I would LOVE to shoot videos in this location! Via:  
Good Morning! Today I'm looking out for God! &lt;3 He's Ready to Bless you! Are YOU READY???!!! :D :D :D &lt;3 &lt;3&lt;3
Sweet Dreams! &lt;3
Are you a Wine Lover? If so, what is your all-time favorite wine? #wine #winelover
Are you a Wine Lover? If so, what is your all-time favorite wine?
The sweetest guy ever just took my photo in Starbucks! I just encountered two angels! :D 
   hehe cool! Love the ice skating costumes. I haven't watched, but those costumes are gorgeous!
 There are some great high heeled boots that are fashionable and pretty good in the snow. :D I wear those in the snow :D
God's Not Giving Up, so Neither am I!
#courage #strength #ForeignChic #fashion #style 
Come say Hi !!!!! :D 
I'm at Starbucks - Ready to Talk with you! :) 
Do you like pieces with multi-color gemstones? A multi-color gemstone ring by Dior. Via:  
Feeling like there is someone that you want to lift up today? Lead by Example! &lt;3 Shine your Light!
If God is speaking something to you OVER&amp;OVER -,Action! Follow his Lead! You may not have a plan.You don't know the whole story,but HE DOES!
I had a dream 2nights ago about China! I didn't even ask for the dream. I didn't even ask for A dream. My encouragement to you: Cont....
Good Morning! May you wake up today and live out today know that God LOVES you and that he has forgiveness for you every second!!!
Sweet Dreams! &lt;3 You are Loved by THE King!
The Juicy Ring on my hand. You can see this cocktail ring and ALL of my cocktail rings here! &gt;  
Fashion From 1910 | Enchanting, Charming Photo!  Image Via:  #1910Fashion #Vintage 
我的中国姐姐，Snow 和我 - 9岁 在中国 #China #ILoveChina #travel #friendship #precious #grateful 
I believe God's promises, REGARDLESS of how I feel!
God wants me to tell you that your Hunch is right! He DOES want to do what you think he wants to do Through you! 
God knows all of your mistakes, all of your sins, and he STILL LOVES you! He doesn't need a reason to love you! He LOVES you!
Would you rather eat cookies or cookie dough?  :D (When the risk of salmonella is removed.)
 Oh, going to go check out right now! Love that the preview picture looks super girly&amp; feminine. :D
 Wow! Congrats! Definitely time for rest now. :) Super good job!
Look in the mirror and the areas that you are dissatisfied in - Change Them!
Think about being 100 - What will you wish you would have done NOW - DO IT!  Be honest with yourself.
Be grateful, of course, but don't dismiss or ignore your dissatisfaction: It may be telling you something BIG!
I think that dissatisfaction is a small whisper that something needs to change; That we need to DO that Dream we've been dreaming of!
CARE for people. &lt;3 BIG Tip for ALL areas of life! Love, Marketing, Friendship! Care! Care cannot be faked!
  Happy Valentine's Day Lori! &lt;3
Victoria Fashion - Image Via:  
 Hey, I'm really excited! I just ordered the Pitch Kit! :D What's the best way to download it? Thank you! :) Can't wait!
Dreams: They're in Your Heart for a BIG, ENORMOUS reason that you can never really fully understand. Trust God &amp; See what HIS reason is!
Never Forget what YOUR Dreams are! They're YOURS! Unique &amp; Perfectly fit to who you Are! Chase Them!
 :D Amen!
 Hey Bette, Thanks so much for favoriting my tweet. :D
 :D
 :D My first experience with real Indian tea was in Chennai, my friend's hometown. Miss that tea! :) Thanks for this "how-to" :D
  :) Awesome! Keep on! &lt;3 You'll change lives that you didn't even know about! &lt;3
In honor of Valentine's Day some Fabulous RED!  Brought to you by Barbie! Image Via:  
  I just watched you on the video! GO GIRL! :D :D :D Thank you for sharing your story. &lt;3 You've inspired me!
Valentine's Day Special coming in 3 Hours! to those who are signed up! Sign up for FREE Here!&gt;  
Happy Valentine's Day! My current Status: Deeply in LOVE, Forever ON FIRE for God! Just know that if… 
 Amen! Good Morning Angela! :D &lt;3
晚上好来自美国！这是早晨在这里。Ni jingtian guo de zenmeyang? :D 
 Good one! I've heard this before, but it is SUCH a good reminder! &lt;3
 :D hehe Ah! Awesome! :D
 Yum! Looks Delicious!
Good morning!!! Another Day to SHINE! Another day to make a difference! Let's Do this! &lt;3 Let's Enjoy! &lt;3
Sweet Dreams! I'm praying that God's ideas flood your brain as you sleep tonight! AMEN!
   GORGEOUS!
  I love the red! I bet that you look great in red as well! :D More red! :D
GOD's Strategies ALWAYS OVERRIDE the enemy's! WATCH God MOVE Today!
I'm listening to this song after God just sent a Reinforcement in after I was JUST feeling doubt and hopelessness! 
 Awesome! :D :D :D
God SEES your hard work! He sees you pushing past the things that would usually hold you back!
Yah! I received an email from my Chinese sister,Snow! Can't wait to read it! :) Give me 1 Good Thing from your side! 
God has SOOO much for you! Rest in him! He can work miracles like Boom! Bam! Let him do HIS Thing honey!
Sweet Dreams! God LOVES you and he'll do ANYTHING for you! He already made the Ultimate Sacrifice! So,what makes you think he'll stop there!
Cont...I looked in the mirror and after that, I looked pretty again.
Guess what I did with them when they came to my mind? I threw them away! I sung to God, I sought him out and I reminded myself of his truth.
Just to prove that the enemy within us, is really in all of us, I wanted to share these thoughts with you... Cont...
Thoughts that I've had today: You'll never reach the destiny that God has on your life |You're ugly | You seem stupid to people...Cont...
Lovely! Afternoon Tea - Don't be surprised if you see me sporting this look this summer. Via:  
 Thank you so much for sharing that Selena. Means the world to me. &lt;3 Bless you! &lt;3 May he Speak to your soul tonight. &lt;3
 :)
 hehe :D Just had an awesome visual! :D Sweet!
DON'T GIVE UP! GO DEEPER TONIGHT! Seek God in Ways that you've never Sought him Before!
  Sweet! :D Definitely! &lt;3 Uplifting our eyes, really does result in uplifting our souls. Sounds corny, but true
  I heard that they like sweet blood. :D hehe The dress has a vintage feel to it, I like that as well.
Being jealous of someone else's gift, will distract you from yours. The devil dances when you are jealous.
 :)
RT : Going on Network TV &amp; educating on marketing is fun! 


 Awesome! GO GARY! Blessings on it!
 OHHH Sounds exciting! :D May this week reap a GOOD Harvest! :D
  EEE! Awesome! I love that! Super important since you see it when you start and end your day!
 So far so good! :D And you?
 I associate the snow with beauty, and romance and winter fashions, otherwise I get grumpy. ;)
  EEEEEEEEEEEE! CONGRATS!
 Super! Maxi dresses are my favorite! &lt;3 Elegant AND comfy!
 I want some of that food! HUNGRY for God!
  Even your bedspread represents that same feeling! :D Cool!
  Red, Black and Leopard (or cheetah) (not sure which one) You will be feeling chic!
 AMEN! God has done miracles and he's NOT Stopping! ;D
  Awesome! I'll go have a look! Thanks Michelle!
  Thanks for sharing! I'm looking for NONGMO, Organic tortillas,so I will check this brand out :) Super thanks!
 So Happy about that! Good move towards the future! :D Organic &amp; NONGMO all the way! &lt;3
  Totally agree! I don't buy food unless it's Organic and Non Gmo - no exceptions! :D
Yum! Baked Organic Crackers w/ Sea Salt,SunButter&amp;Goji Berries,the most nutritionally dense fruit! #NONGMO #Organic! 
OH MY GOODNESS! I am SOOO EXCITED!!! Only 1 Available! GRAB It
Here!&gt;  
  Cool :D Going to go check them out now. : - )
God is SO Good! I pray FAVOR, and BLESSINGS over YOU Today!
Wohoo! I just had an awesome call with my friend Sonia.I got to practice my Mandarin and help her with an English paper that she is writing!
6 Powerful Communication Tips From Some Of The World's Best Interviewers By Courtney Seiter  via 
 On the plus side, I love the neckline of your dress! :D Mosquitoes get me too, not in season now here in Wisconsin. :D
What is your favorite era of fashion? :D
#fashion #style
What is ONE thing that you will accomplish today? GO FORTH &amp; DO IT! &lt;3 I'm right there with you! Let's Rock this Thing BABAY!
... "She'll wear me out. I'll knock her out tomorrow."  Little does HE Know, I'm Going to KNOCK HIM OUT Tomorrow!
I am SO FOCUSED today, I can just hear the devil saying, "Oh no, I'm not messing with her today."
1 Hour Left to get 15% OFF your first Order! CouponCode: NEWCUSTOMER get 15% Off! Get It NOW!&gt;  
Good Morning &lt;3 Image via:  
15% OFF For New Customers until 8AM CST Time Tomorrow! #oldhollywood #classic Shop at ! 
New to ForeignChic? UseCouponCode: NEWCUSTOMER to get 15% OFF your first order! PROMOTION ENDSTomorrow8AM! SHOP NOW!&gt; 
I am Into this Look! Image Via:  #vintage #1950s #elegant 
Another sweet thing to feast our eyes on before bed. :D &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 Image Via:  
Late night eye&amp;soul candy #1 Elegant dress,elegant look,elegant pose!Via  #vintagedress #1950s 
 Hey Ashley, Thank you so much for favoriting some of my tweets recently. I really appreciate it! Hope you're doing Awesome.
Peace out from Starbucks! The devil is mad right now that I turned my waking up late day into a GREAT… 
Grandma and Mia in the summertime getting ready to go out on the pond. :D #grandma #advancedstyle 
Hi from Starbucks! What are you up to? Cheers to you and your Destiny! I'm here to tell you "DON'T GIVE UP!!!" 
