RT : 东方日报：古拉促首相向印裔贫户道歉
Oriental daily: PM tidak tunaikan janji selepas PRU 13,  gesa PM meminta maaf thdp kaum India http:/…
RT : 不满星报连日攻击不给回应, 林吉祥要献马华荣辱史还手 - 當今大馬 
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: 
Article by  : 1MDB NAJIB'S WATERLOO? Sudden shock resignation of... 
What next, Waythamoorthy? | Free Malaysia Today  via @sharethis
Dead chicken, red paint thrown at Kok’s office  via @sharethis
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: 
   Media statement by M. Kula Segaran MP Ipoh Bar... 
DAP rep calls on Najib to apologise to Indians for not honouring promise  via @sharethis
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: Media statement by M. Kula - Don’t decry, just eat humble pie, Waytha told.
 
Contest Kajang to ‘bury’ Anwar, Kit Siang dares Liow  via @sharethis
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: Don’t decry, just eat humble pie, Waytha told 
Are we heading for emergency rule?  via 
In latest pork incident, Guan Eng sees plot to topple government  via @sharethis
As Penang braces for more religious and racial attacks, political parties call for calm  via @sharethis
they did a wonderful job. Thanks. After all they are man's best friend!! “ Thankfully your dogs are safe.”
失踪年余捎信告知家人，少女私奔沦为按摩女 
RT : 星洲日报： 英迪拉儿女改教争抚养权案，高庭伊庭判决相反，高庭传召多方听意见 
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: 星洲日报新闻－失踪一年多，妈妈焦虑【女儿快回来团聚！】Single mother hopes her... 
News in Sinchew -Single mother hopes her daughter that has been missing for a year to come back home. 
My 3 dogs massacred a king cobra last night.Security guards say due to d heat wave snakes heading 2homes 
PAS leaders condemn Utusan’s attack on non-Malays  via @sharethis
Utusan’s wrong assumptions in tirade against non-Malays  via @sharethis
 it was reported you had said so in the Tamil press. If you didn't say so i am surprised why you have not refuted it?
 attends #-action plan 4Tamil schools although he had said no future 4Tamil school students. 
Should you migrate? The 64,000-dollar question – Koon Yew Yin  via @sharethis
A case of broken promises – again – to minorities, say analysts  via @sharethis
Air force pilot pays the price for speaking up  via @sharethis
Indria Gandhi Conversion case committal proceedings at Ipoh High Court today. Bar Council,syariah lawyers n other org r also submitting
Wishing all Happy Chap Goh Mei &amp; Happy Valentine's Day!  
祝大家元宵节快乐和情人节快乐
Happy Valentines 
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: 
அரசியலா? சமூகமா? 
Secret admirer sends roses to my wife, Again this year on Valentine's day. If I catch him you know what he will get....
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: Call on the government to set up a special Cabinet... 
The conduct of Umno leaders – Sakmongkol AK47  via @sharethis
Malaysia’s press freedom ranking drops to all-time low of 147  via @sharethis
Why has the teacher who assaulted  P Kalamanathan not been charged in court yet?
Why is the Prime Minister still silent on the " chicken" and " slap" threat made by the " Council of Islamic NGOs"?
Abdul Rahman, is it Islamic to spill chicken blood?  via @sharethis
Malaysians must form ‘peaceful resistance’ against racial and religious strife, says Ambiga  via @sharethis
What would Tunku Abdul Rahman do in light of raging racial tensions?  via @sharethis
Survey: over half of British pilots admit falling asleep during flights. 
Only in Malaysia, police chase video stars, not thugs  via @sharethis
Police summon actress in Teresa Kok video  via @sharethis
Slapping Kok will result in fine, jail time, lawyer warns  via @sharethis
Waytha resignation shows Barisan had no intention of helping Indians, says Anwar  via @sharethis
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: Kula: We knew Waytha was on to nothing 
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: Where are you, Mr Prime Minister? 
Are chicken-slaughter protesters ‘untouchable’, Kit Siang asks Zahid  via @sharethis
Netizens poke fun at Zahid after his dismissal of slap threat by protesters  via @sharethis
DAP: Cash offer to slap Teresa an unprecedented step towards violence 
"Whoever needs the money, I can give it to them," Teresa Kok 
Teresa Kok, supporters lodge police reports over chicken-blood protest, slap reward  via @sharethis
RT : Are we Turning into a State of Lawlessness? - Dato’ Mohd.Ariff Sabri bin Hj. Abdul Aziz, DAP MP for Raub http://t.co/fApck…
Kit Siang denounces government’s silence on protest inciting violence  via @sharethis
RT : There's a surprise.GoSL decide not to sue  for films on war crimes.They know the evidence that would emerge! ht…
RT : In France tomorrow for a screening of @NoFireZoneMovie in the French parliament.
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: 'National reconciliation not about unity gov't' 
DAP says Putrajaya’s toll hike freeze a tactic to please voters ahead of Kajang by-election  via @sharethis
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION 
Twitter reports $645m loss for 2013 
Risking human life's?-Dutch tank takes brake test to the extreme -video 
The Attorney General - The most powerful person in Malaysia?   
 
Marshall Islands officials: Unclear how long castaway spent adrift. Adrift for 401days in the Pacific? 
The slow decline of American Chinatowns.  
Man found alive after 401 days adrift in the Pacific? Believable? Apparently this not the first of its kind 
From the Kajang by-election to the bigger picture, Anwar tells all  via @sharethis
DAP takes Registrar of Societies to court for not recognising executive committee  via @sharethis
With film producer mr. Pulhanthi from Chennai. Gathered a few locals 2discuss d sufferings of Tamils issue 
Shocking in Malacca 80% of young dentists doing nothing as government hospitals n dental clinics have insufficient dental chairs 
Anwar: I need to solve some issues | Free Malaysia Today  via @sharethis
Mounting speculation over delay in charging ex-Umno political aide with corruption  via @sharethis
RT : By virtue of being an Umno lawyer, you are biased. No sense of fairness and justice!, Shafee says he wants to be AG  h…
Does the Palm Oil Industry meet the UN's Climate change Convention? - Koon Yew Yin 
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: Attorney General must explain what is causing the ... 
Why the delay in charging deputy minister’s assailant, asks DAP’s Kula  via @sharethis
Guan Eng raps Umno again for stoking tensions  via @sharethis
NZ Dr "stitches up leg" after shark attack. View his video 
Was Tipu Sultan a hero or a despot? 
I posted 8 photos on Facebook in the album "Distributing hampers&amp; angpow to senior citizens @Kg. Tawas, Ipoh" 
Happy Chinese New Year &amp; Gong Xi Fa Cai 
恭祝各界新年快乐，万事如意 
Kamalanathan's decision to forgive his attacker is disappointing and baffling carried by Tamil press 
Program pemberian hamper kpd warga emas anjuran DAP Ipoh Barat &amp; DAP Bercham pd 28.1.14 jam10am di Pusat Khidmat... 
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: Kamalanathan’s decision to forgive his attacker is... 
Incredible-- tree is 9550 years old and still growing 
Ministers media gaffes caused by they being out of touch with the people --carried in Tamil papers 
Cabinet wanted strong action on kangkung jokes, but Internet guarantees won the day  via @sharethis
Foot your own bill for proposed media course, opposition MPs tell ministers  via @sharethis
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: 'Ministers need sensitivity - not media savvy less... 
'Ministers need sensitivity - not media savvy lessons'  via @sharethis
Sarawak BN warns of fallout from Najib’s stand on use of Allah  via @sharethis
Archbishop: Political consistency needed to end ‘Allah’ impasse  via @sharethis
Ministers shd pay for training course with own money--" To avoid more gaffes, ministers to learn to speak sensibly  "
Dr Mahathir not the answer to rudderless Malaysia, says DAP  via @sharethis
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: 10-point solution akin to a 'bounced' cheque 
Sabah Christians want Najib to rein in ‘political Islam’  via @sharethis
Interfaith group stands firm, says Christians nationwide can use the word ‘Allah’ in worship  via @sharethis
Court dismisses application for stay order my Indira Gandhi's husband n also Judge dismisses recusal attempt 
allows cases of this nature 2proceed but JAIP must try 2get both parents consent. A million thanks 2lead lawyers  Aston n Selvam
Since #Indra Court decision 16 kids could not be converted cos one parent had not consented. 2day Judge in Ipoh granted stay order which
RT : #indira ex husband application for stay dismissed. But Perak govt stay allowed only for cases after July decision &amp; subject…
RT : JC saiid #Indira ex-husband can be heard even though he is prima facie in contempt, cos he had filed defence to contempt&amp; p…
NAP’s auto hub dreams a non-starter, says WSJ  via @sharethis
Remove Ramanan, Palanivel told | Free Malaysia Today  via @sharethis
Indira’s ex-hubby fails to recuse judge in child conversion case  via @sharethis
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "Hearing of Contempt Indira Gandhi Conversion Case @ Ipoh H.Court" 
conversion case n pending appeal 2) heard and allowed leave 4committal proceedings 3) Husband has got a custody order from Syariah court etc
Application by muslim convert ex-husband in Indria case for Judge to recuse himself . Grounds of application 1) Judge heard the
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: Ex-SJK (C) Damansara team backs Seaport school 
Palanivel intervention urged over Seaport school  via @sharethis
With S.Thayaparan at his book launch "No Country For Righteous Men". Taya n i did Bar Finals at same time 
With Ronnie at a book launch in KL,who says he has now "migrated" to Penang from KL cos of good food n life 
DAP wants PKR rep to apologise for ‘kangkung’ flash mob, says it could lead to another May 13  via @sharethis
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: Call on the Indian community to voice their suppor... 
At SeaPort Tamil school 2find out d local issues involved. Shock this very school was relocated 30 years ago 
Najib fiddles while Malaysia burns  via @sharethis
Boos, doubts stalk Najib after kangkung ridicule  via @sharethis
Kangkung ‘insult’ brings out a tardy but bloodthirsty Umno  via @sharethis
Tharoor wife died 'unnatural death'-  
Having a chat with Ipoh Murugan temple President of Ipoh just before the start of the Chariot procession 
Umno’s outrage over kangkung reflects detachment from reality, say analysts  via @sharethis
RT : PC pelancaran "better Bercham apps"  @cheongcheekhing. Rakyat Bchm boleh buat aduan dgn t/fon bimbit. http://t.co/caNA…
PC at Bercham to launch Better Bercham Android Apps together with the brain behind this  
RT : India police: Wife who accused minister husband of affair found dead. 
yes yes! Good old days. How are you doing? RT “:  Remember ur school days u celebrate it in pangkor”
I posted 37 photos on Facebook in the album "Thaipusam Celebration @ Gunung Cheroh Temple, Ipoh" 
I said the PM n UMNO President must direct d cancellation of d UMNO road shows in Selangor. Will the PM act? 
At d thaner panthal Ipoh. Thanks 2 volunteers.Also present    . 
Umno’s roadshows meant to provoke anger among Muslims, say Pakatan lawmakers  via @sharethis
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: Call on Umno President Datuk Seri Najib to direct ... 
Next year must attend ok? . Will miss u at this year's DAP Thaipusam stall at Gunung Ceroh Ipoh. Last year was fun!!!
Excellent b/fast thosai etc by wife early morning.leaving to attend Thaipusam event in Ipoh. will be at DAP stall with  etc. join us
Has Minister  raised SeaPort Tamil school matter in the Cabinet. Issue highlighted in Tamil press 
RT : DAP Ipoh Barat  memberi minuman percuma pd 17/1 (Fri) @10am di Kuil Gunung Cheroh, Ipoh sempena hari Thaipusam. http:/…
RT : Dear  &amp;  , Sorry I won't be able to join this year's Thaipusam walk at Gunung Ceroh like prev years. Would love…
Parents break into school to restore power and water supply  via @sharethis
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: Call on Palanivel to raise in Cabinet the win win ... 
In Sri Lanka, Muslims replacing Tamils as perceived enemy. Halal logo demanded to be removed. What next? 
 Malaysia boleh!!!
RT :  write for us! Malaysiaindians dot com 

PM taking heat on kangkung index and from Kadir Jasin. Hit from left and  right, going down for the count, perhaps.
Photos of Indonesia's erupting Mount Sinabung. It has been inactive for over 400 years 
Malaysia’s kangkung index – Sakmongkol AK47  via @sharethis
What’s next with Dr M’s fans baying for Najib’s head to roll  via @sharethis
RT : Just spoken n confirmed DAP lawyers Kula Gobind Sivanesan ors offer free legal services 2Kamalanathan 2seek justice/redres…
RT : If no satisfactory action by Cabinet meet tmr, DAP offers legal services 2Kamalanathan 4redress n 2champion issue includin…
Najib under siege and in weakest position, says portal  via @sharethis
As RoS stays mum, DAP to sue to reinstate office bearers  via @sharethis
The tragedy and farce that is the PKFZ  via @sharethis
Rights coalition accuses Putrajaya of hypocrisy for not following its own advice to engage civil society 
Sikhs can use the word ‘Allah’, says doyen Karpal | Free Malaysia Today  via @sharethis
Return of Dr M ‘worst answer’ to Malaysia’s woes, says old rival  via @sharethis
Despite raid, Christian group to continue distributing Malay and Iban language bibles  via @sharethis
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: UN raps Malaysian gov't on Comango ban 
Sabah Christians claim bribed, tricked into Islam  via @sharethis
Can the national unity council be sustained? – Lim Teck Ghee  via @sharethis
Karpal not seditious to question manner in which Perak Sultan appointed new MB, says lawyer  via @sharethis
RT : Rajapakse seeks more time to resolve Tamil issues? Actual fact wants time to erase Tamil identity from the face of Sri Lanka!
Malaysia: where contracts and agreements are not sacred  via @sharethis
Comango to seek redress in court to lift ban  via @sharethis
For Amnesty International, ban on human rights coalition is to silence ‘critical voices’  via @sharethis
Silence is golden for some Barisan leaders in latest ‘Allah’ row, say analysts  via @sharethis
Jais wrong as Allah ban only for Herald, not Bibles, say critics  via @sharethis
Lead by example, analysts tell Barisan leaders as excesses put off Malaysians  via @sharethis
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: Time that the Prime Minister must show political c... 
Cops grill Catholic priest under sedition law over ‘Allah’  via @sharethis
Court wants expert views in contempt case in Indira Gandhi child custody issue 
DAP calls for reconciliation summit with Barisan to discuss national crises  via @sharethis
I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "Hearing of Contempt Indira Gandhi Conversion case @ Ipoh H.Court" 
Jais must stop being a political tool, says rights group  via @sharethis
Lavish ministerial parties as Putrajaya, Malaysians tighten belts  via @sharethis
US Ambassador for Global Criminal Justice Stephen Rapp will visit Sri Lanka to discuss war crimes 
Fix the situation, Najib | Free Malaysia Today  via @sharethis
DAP slams BN’s non-Malay parties for standing behind Umno amid rising religious tensions  via @sharethis
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: 'Najib’s silence on 'Allah' issue ‘unconscionable’... 
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: Call on the Prime Minister to make urgent efforts ... 
No protest but unity at Church | Free Malaysia Today  via @sharethis
Falling birthrate among d Indian community resulting in lesser student enrolment in Tamil schools in Nanban 
The day religious officers policed another faith in Malaysia  via @sharethis
Allah row reignited due to flawed ruling, inept authorities, says academic  via @sharethis
Authorities must respect Malaysians’ right to religious freedom, says Suhakam  via @sharethis
DAP:  ‘Allah’ storm will end if Putrajaya upholds constitution  via @sharethis
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: Kula slams 'admit foreigners, not local non-bumis'... 
Bible seizures ‘treason’ in face of 10-point solution, says Sarawak Churches  via @sharethis
Selangor Islamic authorities have no right to harass others, says Christian group  via @sharethis
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: Time has come for  UiTM to open its door to non bu... 
At ipoh police station 2 support YB  called 4 investigation 4 organising GST Talk 
I posted 13 photos on Facebook in the album "Calling for investigation @ IPD Ipoh for organising GST Talk" 
If Najib is serious about tough decisions, reduce monopolies, says DAP  via @sharethis

PM's cost-cutting makes not an 'iota of difference'  via @sharethis
As costs spiral, Putrajaya urged to trim Cabinet, civil service for real reforms  via @sharethis
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: And the Newsmaker of 2013 is... 
Attempt to overthrow government very unlikely, says former IGP  via @sharethis
Malaysian embassy-appointed firm linked to ‘shady deal’, Nepali paper claims  via @sharethis
Kit Siang labels Perkasa as 14th member of Barisan Nasional  via @sharethis
MY VOICE FOR THE NATION: Top 10 news of 2013 - readers' choice 
Government critics are true patriots, say analysts and opposition  via @sharethis
Attending "Parents Assuring Students Success" a greater family n child education event.500+ parents present. 
