只要走出第一步，下一步就变得不太难。
想做的事情，就在今天做吧，不要让未來的自己遗憾。

Even the greatest was once a beginner. Don't be afraid to take that... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
我要一个快乐的人生！ 
人生中，步步相随。无论好或者坏，每一天都一样的重要。
人生中没有一个时刻是无关紧要的。

In life, one step creates the next. Each day is of equal importance,... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Language is the blood of the soul into which thoughts run and out of which they grow.

‒Oliver Wendell Holmes 
无论如何都不要放弃。总要相信你的梦想是可以实现，並且努力地为它奋斗。

No matter what, just do not give up. Always believe that your dream can come... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
这个世界充满了美好的事物，只是在等着被发现。

The world is full of beautiful things, just waiting to be discovered. 
笑是人与人之间最短的距离。

Laughter is the shortest distance between two people. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
不管心有多痛，若坚信不移，梦想总会成真。

No matter how your heart is grieving, if you keep on believing, the dreams that you wish... 
Story about Chinese New Year Monster. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Please share if you agree. :) 
退 （tuì） - move back

 
记得，要经常保持笑容！

Remember, always laugh when you can. It's cheaper than medicine. 
你不能无所事事的坐着等人生带给你一切，你必须得自己努力爭取。

You can't just sit there and wait for life to come to you. You have to go get it. 
今日事，今日毕。
Never put off till tomorrow what may be done today. 
只要不放弃就不算失败，所以不要放弃。

You don't lose until you quit, so don't quit. 
看一次，笑一次！ 
The best way to be happy is just to let go of everything that's making you sad. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
艺术 - art

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
明天怎样，没人知晓，生活本是一次疯狂的旅程，没什么是确定无疑的。

The truth is, you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy... 
一次痛苦的经验抵得上千百次的告诫。

One thorn of experience is worth a whole wilderness of warning. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
  
海边 means seaside, but you can use that too...
幸福，就是找一个能给你温暖的人过一辈子。

Happiness is to find someone who can give you warm and share your life together. 
沙滩 - Beach

 
用你的笑容去改变这个世界，别让这个世界改变了你的笑容。

Use your smile to change the world. Don't let the world change your smile. 
救命啊！ (Help!)

 
人，相互帮助才有温暖；
事，共同努力才易简单；
路，有人同行才更开心。 
人这一生，总要心碎一兩次。
We must all have our hearts broken once or twice before we're done. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
别总留恋曾经的幸福，别总奢求未來的快乐。
你唯一能把握的，只有现在。

Don't look back on happiness or dream of it in the future. You are only sure... 
各类人群:

工作狂：workaholic，
月光族：moonlight group，
电灯泡：third wheel，
菜鸟：newbie，
夜猫子：night owl，
路痴：somebody has no sense... 
各类人群：

工作狂：workaholic，
月光族：moonlight group，
电灯泡：third wheel，
菜鸟：newbie，
夜猫子：night owl，
路痴：somebody has no sense... 
你看到什么样的世界，你就拥有什么样的内心。

The outer world you see is a reflection of your inner self. 
Besides "对不起", 
another way to say sorry:
"我很抱歉"

 
孙悟空 - 大闹天宫

 
This year is the Year of Horse （马）.
马上  means immediately (if translated word by word, means on the horse) .
May... 
Happy Chinese New Year 
Tomorrow is Chinese New Year.
恭喜发财！ 
你的人生不需要别人來完整，你只需要一个人完整的接受你。

You don't need someone to complete you, you only need someone to accept you completely. 
养儿防老。
- (of parents) to bring up children for the purpose of being looked after in old age; bring up sons to... 
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. 
沉默是金 
Silence is golden. 



Do you agree? 
早上好，喝一杯咖啡提提神。 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
梦想需要无悔的勇气。

A dream like no other requires the courage with no regret. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
你越努力，运气就会越来越好。

The harder you work, the luckier you get. 
改变不需要你自己说，别人会看得到。

Change is not something you tell others about; it's something others notice about you. 
See the difference between this two Chinese words:
免  and 兔... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
不去尝试，就什么也不可能。

Anything unattempted remains impossible. 
吸血鬼  
xī xuè guǐ 
(suck blood ghost)
vampire 

 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
人生最大的快乐是：做到别人说你做不到的事。

The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
一年之计在于春，一日之计在于晨。
An hour in the morning is worth two in the evening.

(yī nián zhī jì zài yú chūn ，yī rì zhī... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Beautiful words to inspire your coming week! 
Beautiful words to inspire your coming week! 
我可能不完美，但是我至少不虚伪。

I may not be perfect but at least I'm not fake. 
用微笑告诉世人，今天的你比昨天更加強大。

Smile and let everyone know that today you're a lot stronger than you were yesterday. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
The greatest gift you can give someone is your time, your attention, your love, your concern. 
Hope is wishing something would happen. Faith is believing it will happen. Courage is making it happen. 
不要一生奔忙，匆匆而过，以至于忘了自己从何而来，往何而去。

Don't run through life so fast that you forget not only where you've been, but... 
给别人的生命带来阳光的人，自己也会享有阳光。

Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Quote of the Day:

谈恋爱可不能一腳踏兩船。
tán liàn ài kě bú néng yì jiǎo tà liǎng chuán 。
(One shall not build... 
永远不要把自己的幸福放在别人的手里。

Never put your happiness in someone else's hands. 
Love story ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 
不要让生活改变你的目标，因为达到目标会改变你的生活。

Don't let life change your goals, because achieving your goals can change your life. 
在我失去一切时，我学会了一个道理。
那就是你不能过于依赖物质。

I learned something when I lost everything: You can't get attached to... 
请不要放弃尝试你真正想做的事。

Please don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. 
Today's  word: 

A : 你能猜到他有多大吗?
B : 让我猜一猜。
A : 猜猜看！

 
用时间和心看人，而不是用眼睛。

Look at the man with time and heart, not with your eyes. 
我不需要完美的愛情，我只需要有一个人永远不会放弃我。

I don't need a perfect relationship, I just need someone who won't give up on me. 
Today's word:


99个弯！ 
The zigzag mountain road.
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
有得也有失，生活就是如此。

Win a few, lose a few. That's life. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
风筝逆着风飞得最高，而不是順着风。

Kites rise highest against the wind, not with it. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
没有人可以回到过去去改变开始，但你可以从现在开始改变，创造一个新的结果。

Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start now... 
在这世界上，你也许不是最好的，但你是独一无二的！
充分利用你的时间、机会，向世界展示最好的你。

Maybe in this world you are not the best one, but you are the... 
最终，真正重要的不是生命里的岁月，而是岁月中的生活。

In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. 
你相信你能跳多高，那么你就能达到。
相信自己，你可以做到任何事情！

You can get the height if you believe that you can jump. Trust yourself,... 
亲情 - affection between family members

血浓于水 - blood is thicker than water—family relationships are stronger and... 
亲情  -  affection between family members

血浓于水  -  blood is thicker than water—family relationships are stronger... 
人生就是要能珍惜自己所拥有的，并耐心等待将要得到的。

Life is about appreciating what you have and waiting patiently for what you will get. 
Every day is beautiful if you choose to see it. 

如果你愿意去发现，其实每一天都是美好的。 
失败是另一个成功的开始。 
要幸福快乐的话，我们就不要太在意别人的意见。

To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
The server has been down for more than 10 hours. :(
Hopefully it will be up soon.
The server has been down for more than 10 hours. Sad case.
Hopefully it will be up soon.
别放弃梦想，奇迹每天都在上演。

Never give up your dreams. Miracles happen everyday. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Year 2014 First Chinese Character "即" 

 
I hope you like my new site design.

New Design:

Learn Chinese Every Day New Logo
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
如果我们总等待着一切就绪的时机，我們永远也开始不了。

If we wait for the moment when everything is ready, we shall never begin. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
人生就像是一道多项选择题，困扰你的，往往是众多的选择项，而不是题目本身。

Life is like a multiple choice question. Sometimes, the choices confuse... 
梦想和现实之间的那段差距，叫做行动。

The distance between your dreams and reality is called action. 
骄傲可以丟，耐性可以丟，理智可以丟，但无论做什么，希望不能丟。

Lose your pride, lose your patience, and lose your mind. 
But whatever you... 
I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "" 
I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "Goodbye 2013" 
2014年新年快乐！ 
New Year's resolution:
1. 学中文。
( Learn Chinese. ) 
I posted 8 photos on Facebook in the album "Quotes" 
不管经历怎样的大悲大喜，我们终究都会死去。

We shout and scream and wail and cry, but in the end we must all die. 
人生很简单，做了决定就不要回头看。

Life is simple. You make choices, and you don't look back. 
别让过去悄悄偷走了你的当下。

Don't let the past steal your present. 
别让过去悄悄偷走了你的当下。

Don't let the past steal your present. 
不管你犯了多少错误，又或者你的进步有多慢，你还是把那些没在努力的人远远甩在了后面。

No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress.... 
不知道什么是忧伤，就不会真正感激幸福。
You can not appreciate happiness unless you have known sadness too. 
如果你真的很想要一样东西的话，没有什么能阻止你得到它。
If you want it badly enough, there are no limits on what you can achieve. 
工作一天累了吧。
让不快乐的事随风飘去吧 ～
迎接美好的明天 ^^ 
Share This :) 
我们经常在生活里忽略那些疼爱我们的人，却执迷着那些忽略我们的人。
We often ignore those who love us in life, is obsessed with those who ignore us. 
微软 - Microsoft

Today's word:
软/ 
天才意味着终身不懈的努力。
Genius only means hard-working all one's life. 
告诉自己： 不管在生活中遇到任何困难，我都会尽全力做到最好。

Say to yourself: Regardless of what the obstacles in this life may be, I will... 
不要用我的成功來评价我，用我跌倒又爬起來的次数來评价我。

Do not judge me by my successes, judge me by how many times I fell down and got... 
世界上对勇气的最大考验是忍受失败而不丧失信心。
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
所有事在变得容易之前，都是困难的。
All things are difficult before they are easy. 
爱你的人，会爱上你的缺点；
不爱你的人，无法理解你的美。

The one who loves you will love your imperfections. 
The one who does not love... 
我们觉得不快乐，是因为我们追求的不是“幸福”，而是“比別人幸福”。

We feel unhappy because "happiness" is not what we pursuit,
but "more... 
努力不一定成功，但放弃一定失败！

Attempt doesn't necessarily bring success, but giving up definitely leads to failure. 
This week activity.
"Spot the differences"... 
去奋斗，去追求，去发现，但不要放弃。
To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield. 
懂得自爱，才能活得精彩。
You can only live brilliantly if you know how to love yourself. 
成功的其中的一个要诀 - 当机会出现时，你已经准备好自己。
One secret of success in life is that when opportunity comes, he is ready. 
幸福的时刻，就要开心；等待幸福的时候，就要耐心。
Be happy when it's time to be happy and be patient until that time comes. 
活着一定要有爱，有快乐，有梦想。
Life must be lived with love, happiness, and dreams. 
生活不是等待暴风雨过去，而是要学会在雨中舞蹈。
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it’s about learning to dance in the rain. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
永远面向阳光，这样你就看不見阴影了。
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow. 
乐观。
- Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you. 
衡量生命的尺度是思想和行为，而不是時间。
Life is measured by thought and action , not by time. 
过一种高尚而诚实的生活。当你年老时回想起过去，你就能再一次享受人生。
Live a noble and honest life. Reviving past times in your old age will help... 
对，过去是痛楚的，但我认为你要么可以逃避，要么可以向它学习。 
岁月使身体长出了皱纹，而放弃梦想则会使灵魂生出皱纹。
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting on your dreams wrinkles the soul. 
我从不害怕死亡，只害怕从未尝试。
I never feared death or dying. I only fear never trying. 
不入虎穴，焉得虎子。
Without risk, there is no reward. 
活出自己！ 
在乎的事情越少，拥有的快乐越多。
The less you care, the happier you'll be. 
也许不是每天都那么美好，但每天都会有一些小美好存在。 
无论生活多么艰难，不要失去对明天的希望。

No matter how difficult life, don't lose the hope of tomorrow. 
人生就像骑单车，只有不断前进，才能保持平衡。
Life is like riding a bicycle.To keep your balance,you must keep moving. 
无论生活是悲是喜，我们都必须去承受。
Good or bad we must all live. 
做你喜欢做的事是一种自由，
喜欢你正在做的事是一种快乐。 
酸甜苦辣
(suān tián kǔ là )
- sour, sweet, bitter, hot; joys and sorrows of life; the sweets and bitters of life... 
人生不是要按別人的想法去过，而是要跟随內心，做自己想做的那个人。
Your life is not about what people expect you to be. It's about following your... 
还是睡觉好，能暂时忘掉一切烦恼。
Sleeping is nice. You forget about everything for a little while. 
你要相信 - 一切都会好转的。
Everything will get better, what you should do is to believe that. 
你相信 - 一切都会好转的。
Everything will get better, what you should do is to believe that. 
让每一天都有机会成为你人生中最美好的一天。
Give every day the chance to become the most beautiful day of your life. 
让每一天都有机会成为你人生中最美好的一天。
Give every day the chance to become the most beautiful day of your life.
I posted a new photo to Facebook 


Learn the most common #Chinese words with my new... 
世界上只有一样东西可以阻止梦想实现，那就是：害怕失败。
"There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure." 
世界上只有一样东西可以阻止梦想实现，那就是：害怕失敗。

"There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of... 
你能做的只有尽力而为，如果别人还是不懂，那是他们的问题，不是你的。
You can only do your best. And if they can't appreciate that, it's their... 
Want to know more about #HSK?


If you are taking HSK test, try... 
Features of "Chinese Common Words" application. 
Hi everyone,
I have just created a new "Chinese Common Words" application.
It's free to download and costs only... 
Hi everyone,
I have just created a new "Chinese Common Words" application.
It's free to download and costs only... 
珍惜爱你的人；  (Appreciate those who love you.)
关爱需要你的人；(Help those who need you.)
宽恕伤害你的人； (Forgive those who hurt... 
说实话的最大好处就是你不用记住自己说过什么。

The greatest advantage of speaking the truth is that you don't have to remember what... 
有时候，是我们自己想太多了才让自己如此难受。
People do a lot of thinking, and sometimes, that's what kills us. 
在你所处的位置， （where you are）
用你所有的资源， （what you have）
做你能力所及的事。 （do what you can） 
就快到2014年了，真是越來越快！ 
吸血鬼 - Vampire 
鬼 - #Ghost

 
早安，终于熬到周五了~
Good morning, finally, it's Friday!

熬  [áo]  -  endure; hold out; bear; stand
周五  [zhōuwǔ] -... 
读着读着就睡着了。。。 
愤怒像是紧握的火炭，
在扔向别人前，
自己早被活烧得血肉模糊了。 
走自己要走的路，让别人去说吧。
Follow your own course, and let people talk. 
守口如瓶
shǒu kǒu rú píng
- to guard one's mouth like a closed bottle
(Chinese Idiom:  to keel one's mouth shut;... 
不要害怕与众不同。
Don't be afraid to be different. 
One of the quite important word in Chinese culture: 
孝
 
宽恕不会改变过去，却能开阔你的未来。
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future 
