開不了的廁所燈 鎖不了的廁所門 沖不了水的馬桶

真好奇我剛剛是怎麼狠下心去大便的 ==
 哈哈哈哈哈你看太多愛4了
Laptop not connected to internet again . Too many people using wifi in the house haha that's why la .
開始在懷疑 你說的一切是不是真的了
初四開工很慘mehh 我今天去哪裡都看到有華人在做工叻 TT
終於沖涼了可以去吃晚餐了哈哈哈其實我不餓
 剛才說女朋友現在說女兒oops
 力宏結婚了不要當小三好嗎 ^^
 噢是嗎原來gary那麼偉大啊 ^^
 可是好矮噢 ^^
 我們只是看你小小只讓你先 ^^
Wo yi wei wo men hui hen hao .
 lol but you are the firstttt
Queueing to bath haih too many people in the house and that's the problemmmm
SOFAMANNNNNNN
天空像是四點多 也太亮了吧
那麼我的紅包不就要等到明天了嗎
算了吧還是乖乖呆在家吃四姑的滷鴨就好 :3
Going out for steamboat at 三姑's house with cousin yeahhh
Oops you ren eat vinegar liao ben taller than you handsome than you zhe shi reality bu yao chi cu hahaha
RT : 你给我的半点好我都想炫耀。
Charge become change . Cute la you 害我還以為你這樣有錢又換電話 tsk tsk
姐只是個傳說 而且是很矮的傳說 BEN很帥 &lt;3 
Tomorrow can go BP anot can I go meet my XR anot
HANDSOME BENJI 
先是在夾娃娃機裡夾到人生第一隻小暴 然後看電影又有男主角突然出現這種surprise 這個年初一其實過得挺好挺不錯的 :)
BENJI真人超帥 ! 從來沒有想過看完一場電影后那部電影的男主角會活生生地站在我們面前然後可以從前門走回出去跟他合照 OMG 新年最大最棒的surprise哈哈哈 不要羨慕姐 姐只是個傳說
兩人份的燒烤我們四個人吃到超飽 因為一直加小菜一直加小菜加小菜加小菜小菜小菜
#ootd bought from shop . Haha branded yo .
Going out for movie .
#TheJourney &lt;3
 失給你
RT : "Unless you change how you are, you will always have what you've got." - Jim Rohn
失聲就失聲 誰在意
頓時失去重心
RT : 人家跟我讲了十多年的恭喜发财 我的发财怎么都还没有来
等下要去kluang mall看戲yeahhh
我要看一路有你 :3
你有你的生活 有你的世界 我不應該 再繼續打擾了…
風扇只開2號我蓋了2層被還是很冷 大年初一輪到我失聲了oops
守歲到兩點多 然後竟然因為很悶而睡著了 - -
新的一年不要喜欢你了 我喜欢别人好不好
Okay gotta off . Tomorrow only continue charge phone using power bank la .
明天穿名牌衣tsk tsk
结果日记本带来当mousepad
堂姐真可爱 骑motor来拜个年2分钟后又骑motor回家 哈哈哈哈哈
堂姐和五姑撞衫哈哈哈哈哈哈哈
Nice to have y'all in my life :')
RT : "Do you wanna build a snowman?"

No, I don't. This is Malaysia la gila.
 你只活一次 !
 YOLUOOOOO
Nua at room and not even dao shu hahaha imissyou
 YOLUO
Messaged him but he didn't reply . K fine .
HAPPY CNYYYYYYYY
 Goodnight Rid ! &lt;3
这是我们的爱 我们的艺术 我们的命 我们的态度 &lt;3
 ENJOYED SO MUCH FROM JOHOR HERE HEHE :D
看到他们表演 突然觉得有没有你陪都不重要了哈哈哈 谁叫你自己去倒数丢下我不管
HEAR THE LION ROARRRR
K ignore my finger I'm over-excited hahaha
OMG I MANAGED TO CATCH THE BOYS SINGING LIVE ON CHANNEL 8 OMG OMG JOHOR ROCKSSSS CHANNEL 8 ROCKSSS YOU BOYSSS ROCKSSSS &lt;3
OH MY GOD I FIRST TIME CATCH THE BOYS ON THE TV OMG OMG OMG I LOVE YOU BOYSSSS &lt;3 
还以为可以像1231一样和你聊天跨年
把wifi password骗了过来 感觉良好哈哈哈
妈这我男朋友啦 
 I miss you tooooo &lt;3
大哥这里没有astro你知道吗 自己跑去倒数还叫我开astro看你 毛啦 TT
Laptop not connected to internet oops na li ke yi zhe yang de
2222 . And I washed my hair hahaha nevermind la have to 守歲 tonight
 almost 10 didn't come back oops
RT : RT : Live the moment. Cause you may never see it come back.
撈魚生喲 不完整的團圓飯 無所謂吧
 ate a lot of fish and idk why just keep eating fish k I'm weird .
 yup why ? Any problem hahaha
Both cousin sis using RUNNING MAN SCHOOL BAG . ARGHHHHHH
RT : Chinese New Year is here! It's time to spread the message to your whole family of... YOLUO! 
My 堂弟 is named Anthony HAHAHA and he kinda like doraemon ohh
CNY is more than a holiday . It's a super sien holiday with attractive angpaos .
One cousin bro stuck in Singapore drive bus :/
Another cousin bro take MC to come back reunion from Singapore oops
21 people in the big big house haha . Many didn't come back . This isn't reunion .
Reached Johor :D
#selfie after dinner hehe .
#ootd #CNYeve #chuxiye #love #smile #Thursday #potd 
大忙人還不要理我tsk tsk 繼續煩大忙人好不好
Happy to meet relatives hahaha especially my cousin sisters who taller than me lol
Reached ! Our reunion dinner is like... grouping hahaha too many people in da house !
RT : Am I allowed to say.. 马的 this year?
大忙人很忙 說好今天陪我信息解悶 結果都不回复
到johor肯定最少9點哈哈哈 雖然我媽都駕120 130
Kajang satay feat my big pau face . 
RT : 据说，如果你年满16岁，那么你有百分之84的几率已经和你的结婚对象见过了。此时我一想到我身边的大群坑逼朋友，内心陷入深深的操蛋与不安。
 MY AHMA HOUSE GOT WIFI OH
完全忘記profile pic是誰的傑作了 camera holder到底是誰 應該不是那個跑廁所的相機主人 (?)
Woah 12點能不能出都不知道
 THAT'S WHY I HAVE MY LAPTOP IN MY BAGGGGGGG
Still nua at home sia . Haven't pack laptop oops
RT : 长大了，才发现从前的自己，害怕面对低落，而现在自己害怕的，却是自己快乐时应该给自己的反应
Pokoshipdaaaaaa
考虑着日记本要不要带回去写
214 offday wor原来 没有情人是不是该好好工作
AWSHUM PAWSHUMMMM
Ridhwan sings so niceeee
Leehommmmmm
Had been waiting for  's new Chinese cover for long long long time and finally !

Kiss Goodbye :')


I liked a  video from @ridhwanazman  Kiss Goodbye (Cover) feat. Jianhao Tan the Camera Holder
已经撑不住 还要 装着坚强 .

#牵着我 #王伟良 #WangWeiLiang #TheLionMen #狮神决战
I liked a  video  牵着我 － 王伟良 MV "The Lion Men" 狮神决战 插曲
Not even 500 . K fine 我一定一直自己ot ot ot ot到520 - -
下个月offday一堆 薪水肯定少到爆 - -
Supper time yo steamboatttttttttt though it sounds so wrong at this timing hahahaha
 一定是我变美了 TT
今天看到yityih就很兴奋地喊她的名然后用力地挥手 然后她很疑惑地hello了一下然后我可以想象到她的心里OS一定是 这个人谁来的 ==
Didn't eat anything and can't eat till 10pm . Kill me yay .
Wait mummy come back then going to work hoho
你们应该很开心我今天终于没有穿jacket了 - -
Tomorrow Kajang satay again for sure one hahaha .
思念像苦药 竟如此难熬 每分每秒
Bro's laptop kena again . LOL . Be his laptop always 多灾多难 eh .
天灰灰 会不会 让我忘了你是谁
 handsome siaaa
 Turbo ? :O
堂妹这次杯具了 搬回去给她的书应该最少有10kg ? - -
我们隔着 一颗心的距离
 我就只混kluang mall好吗哈哈哈
 不知道了哈哈哈哈哈哈
 morning haohao rest more la hahaha :)
This time back Johor must go eat the Korean BBQ hehe . 难得在居銮找到好吃的 ^^
Tomorrow going to Johor now only wash new shirts (Y)
消防车的声音 O_O
超级期待今晚收工ohhhhhh 我大概是提前收工的小孩 XD
 no i hate box all i can see is a box
 stay safe k ! Now u can sleep a while in cab :)
 i know but u cnt do anything right now right ? Then all u can do is just get more resttt
 then u should just get more rest since you can't do anything now k . Relax k ! Everything will be fine :)
 NOOOOO all the best in your test k then u can go watch TheLionMen liao lorrrrrr &lt;3
You ren bu ting hua x(
 话说你笑得很开心喔 ^^
别人有的爱 我们不可能模仿
 all i see is a box zzz
#throwback #smile #selfie #Thursday #SunwayCarnival #before #working #hehe #blackshirt 
Ishhhh 过分
 没有嫉妒只有恨
 你确定只是稍微吗
 不爽你把spongebob弄到这样不可爱 TT
他的手指怎么可以那么软 !!!


最好spongebob是有这样黑  
Half of 水果冰淇淋 :O
Better than none k :3 
这个天然呆萌的小孩 tsk tsk  
Photo size too big tsk tsk 明明就很蒙
Oops found this hehe the day4 drama  
就是知道 才会不停烦你 烦到我都觉得自己很烦 zzz
RT : ": ": 我知道十字开头的年龄说爱太早 说喜欢太早 我也想从十六岁恋爱 然后走过三年之痛七年之痒 直到二十四岁去民政局 然后在婚礼现场向所有人证明十六岁的爱情不是叛逆 而是过早的遇到对的人 ❤️""
RT : 煮豆燃豆萁, 
豆在釜中泣, 
本是同根生, 
相煎何太急?
And 5 hours only . YOLUO .
Tomorrow last day working before CNY . Heh .
Need to sleep now like seriously so tired TT
接下来都会偷偷跑去chatime看她 虽然真的很难看到 看来看去都只看到帽子 x)
I liked a  video from   Happy Chinese New Year!
还有一个可爱的 换工了 还是有黑丸的帅哥去找她聊天 tsk tsk
庆幸的是 我还有她们 :)
你抢够了没有 ?
你抢我的我也就算了忍下来了 可是你抢她的我是怎样都忍不下的
同样是full time 同样都有commission

可是这个不是公平竞争
你这个根本是在抢sales

不累吗 ?
针对我们 你不累吗 ?
Mum so behki open 我的歌声里 and IWillAlwaysLoveYou at the same time -,-
早就知道有人讲没有男朋友是骗人的
Thamtham和男朋友一起吃icecream被我看到 oops :3
RT : Be careful who you pretend to be. You might forget who you are.
累到一边吃早餐一边睡觉 吃饱了继续睡觉
RT : On the inside you can see the real #cancer but they can put their shell up at any moment they dont feel comfortable.
你会不会陪表弟睡然后陪陪一下变成你睡去
其实看不看都无所谓
是说微博最新两篇是写给你的 .
 你只活一次 :D
你远远的关心 其实更长 .
是说昨天做工看到貌似认出我的祥馨 还有把我当透明的诗儿 - -
Siao liao January salary not even 700 and I already used 500 this month - -
昨天一次 今天一次 你要就拿去吧 反正我只拿时薪 有没有对我都一样 ^_______^
Sales多少真的有那么重要吗 一直争下去不会累吗
噢对了 有一个aunty今天买了 7 双鞋 吓死我妈妈的女儿 一直被姐姐说我赚到了 赚个屁啊 我没有commission好吗 TT
是说经理好像也没有很喜欢那个人 (?)
今天无意间提起那个人 还被姐姐白了我一眼 哈
不过还好不会和那个人一起早班了
明天好像还是早班
爱转角遇见了谁 是否有爱情的美 .
好像不应该再烦你 .
I liked a  video from @juliantaytm  8 Chinese Superstition
突然好想你 .
爱 是为彼此祝福 .
 Forget me .
I want cookiessssss :(
多宁愿只是争吵 还能道歉和好
PAINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
RT : Never play, manipulate, or cheat someone's feelings.
外面的世界很精彩 外面的世界很无奈
想到明天早班要跟你一起 又没有人陪我一起放弃治疗忽视你 就很sien -,-
早班四个人是会死吗 为什么你不是明天off zzz
I liked a  video from   YOLUO
YOLUO
Lazy to go through timeline sigh I watch jianhao new video enough la
Just back home haih busy busy Sunday even busier than public holiday lol .
"Love doesn't hurt. Loving the wrong person does."
生命有幾個過客 會帶有你的天真
愛過幾個錯的人 才能夠完整你的人生
台湾泡面 :3
Lei dei sai mm sai gam sweet arrr
Ishhh rewatch this ep tomorrow la I fell asleep halfway -,-
Iwonderifyouhurtlikeme .
