Moon Tay, YueXiang Tay, Yue Ting Tay, Lai Wen and Peng Nguan Tay - 元宵节快乐! 



Good to know that the movie is rather true... 
RT : My take on Leon Avery (last tweet): Scientists are either in someone else's lab or running a group. There should be a place…

I ate cheesecake yesterday. Omgm 
What is your mental age? 
Cooked by YueXiang Tay. Haha... 


Nice read... 
3 Questions To Ask Yourself Before You Enter A Relationship 
This Infographic Reveals the Secrets of the Happiest Couples 
Powerful message... 
吃到不好吃的东西会让心情不好.
True... 
2 Corinthians 1:3-4 King James Version | The New  
I want to go for this! 
So true. This is what I need now. 
Good read. 
Good read. It may apply to adults too. 
Nice... 
If You Want A Successful Long-Term Relationship (Of Any Kind), Here Are 3 Invaluable Things To Know 

True. Cant control everything. Live the moment. 
If I Can't Accept You at Your Worst, Then Maybe You Should Stop Being So Horrible 

Looking for part time maid around Chinatown. Pls recommend.
Glad to know that my first Fedex Shipment to US worked; waiting to get good results because preliminary result... 
10 Simple Ways To Increase Metabolism Without Working Out 

15 Things MSN Messenger Taught You About Relationships 


Happy Plant 
This is so cute. 




Nice... 
Budget Singaporean Traveller 



Interesting finding... 

The Truth About Boring Men, And The Women Who Love Them 
All European newborn Babies will be Microchipped from May 2014 
Peng Nguan Tay and YueXiang Tay, familiar? 
50 Gorgeous Wedding Dress Details That Are Utterly To Die For 


Nice one #Google on the customization... #happybirthday 





How I made sure all 12 of my kids could pay for college themselves 
Volunteers needed! 
Google Hangout | Life after PhD | Academic Careers -  

Ten Research-Based Wedding Vows: 1. “I promise to respect, admire, and appreciate you for who you are, as well... 



Praise the lord. 
小S坐月子的方法，难怪她身材那么好！ - People Insider 
This is too serious. 

减去小肚腩，还您水蛇腰 



31 Insanely Clever Remodeling Ideas For Your New Home 


7 Ways to Make 2014 Your Best Year as a Couple 
Fairy Tale Tunnel of Love Found in Klevan Ukraine 

Moon Tay 
Moon Tay 
Dear Son, 5 Secrets I Wish I Knew Before Marriage 
崔天琪 + 鍾偉強 - 《爸比寶貝》 
Moon Tay, YueXiang Tay and Lai Wen 
Moon Tay 
Moon Tay, YueXiang Tay and Lai Wen 
Moon Tay, YueXiang Tay and Lai Wen 
Moon Tay, YueXiang Tay and Lai Wen... Haha! 
Meaningful start for 2014 - went to do volunteer work with YueXiang Tay and Lai Wen today. Great company and had... 


It Looks Like A Boring Box In A Room. But What Came Out Of It Blew My Non-Engineering Mind. 

Interesting advertisement. 
Just watched Beauty and The Beast movie and I realised it shouldnt be just a Children's Bedtime Story but also, Adult's Bedtime Story.
Eat, love, shop
YueXiang Tay 
This Man's Wife Died 2 Years Ago. What He Just Discovered Last Week Is Indescribable. Get A Tissue. 
Brenda Schmitz's Christmas Wish:   Taken from This Man’s Wife Died 2 Years Ago. What He Just Discovered Last W... 
What These 7 Billionaires Did In Their First Jobs 
Maybe I should... 
Yue Ting Tay 
37 Things You’ll Regret When You’re Old 


Merry Christmas! 
Dinner 
How one woman got her alimony paid in Singapore 
Sweet sweet love... #theoandbeau #sweetsweetlove 



The Awesomest 7-Year Postdoc or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Tenure-Track... 

Father And Daughter Recreate Old Wedding Photos To Say Goodbye To Late Wife And Mother 
Beautiful... 
女人只要管好自己: 女人只要管好自己，已經很了不起，幹嗎要去管男人呢？ 聽話的男人不用管，不聽話的男人，要管也管不到； 對你好的男人不用管，對你不好的男人，不會讓你管； 愛你的男人不用管，不愛你的，輪不到你管。 努力去做... 
女人只要管好自己，已經很了不起，幹嗎要去管男人呢？
 
聽話的男人不用管，不聽話的男人，要管也管不到；
 
對你好的男人不用管，對你不好的男人，不會讓你管；
 
愛你的男人不用管，不愛你的，輪不到你管。
 
努力去做這樣的女人 
Bought a half eaten bun for payment because the cashier was so slow and I was too hungry!
How Do You Know When You Love Someone?: I used to believe that love was a light switch. Something flicks on. Y... 
張靚穎 - 終於等到你 (電視劇【咱們結婚吧】主題曲):  到了某個年紀你就會知道 一個人的日子真的難熬 漸漸開始嘗到孤單的味道 時間在敲打著你的驕傲 過了某個路口你就會感到 徹夜陪你聊天的越來越少 厭倦了被寂寞追著跑 ... 
Monday 24/05/10 - My Experience with 4 Teeth Extraction: Prior to the surgery, or rather, a few weeks before t... 
千年 - 曾静玟 &amp; 范玮琪:  听说思念 它可以穿越时间空间 来到你身边季节更迭 复制的情节我被困在名叫 寂寞的象限有风吹过 是我呼唤谁请呼应我 若是你此刻听见落叶翻飞 像一滴眼泪我为你跋涉 无论路途多遥远你在什么地方... 
Wednesdya 27/11/13 - Me in Wheelchair!: I have decided to post this because I need to remind myself of this un... 


RT : How can a guy just walk away when a relationship ends?  … cc:   @singledat…
RT : 我的孤单 变成习惯
Lee Seung Chul - My Love: &lt;div style="text-align: center;"&gt;&lt;object classid="clsid:D27CDB6E-AE6D-11cf-96B8-4445... 
【一辈子的承诺】: 【一辈子的承诺】老婆婆和老公公的年纪老迈，老公公的身子一直很差，而老婆婆的身子却尚算壮健。因老公公身子问题，他俩并没子嗣，老婆婆却很害怕孤单，常常担忧老公公死后要独自面生活。老公公常捉弄老婆婆，叫老婆... 
戴佩妮 - 純屬意外:  翻越了一座山 流浪了多少城市談懂了幾段的愛情 才了解現在的自己打翻了幾個抽屜 刪了不少舊的訊息明白了是晴是雨 才能夠遇見了你你給我的一切 純屬意外就算我躲起來也被掩埋Oh why I don't... 
老公，你手机来电话啦！:   "老公，你手机来电话啦！”  男：喂？女：喂，你……吗？男：是，你是谁？女：我是……男：噢，你啊！找我有事吗？女：你能出来一下吗？我在你们家外面的。  “去吧？老公我相信你”  女：喝茶吧！... 
陈奂仁 - 矛盾:  回頭是否　還有甚麼愛情的意義　等著你等著我太多無謂犧牲　又沒有結果那又為何守著回憶　繼續自我折磨一個忘了情的男生　怎麼還能會發夢一串光陰一滴淚水　一個忘了的承諾上不了的鎖　不需要鑰匙開鎖埋在心底的秘... 
恋爱吧！: 有些人不是你想爱，就可以爱的。要是遇到一个能让自己心动又可以爱的人，你一定要把握机会，千万不要错过。 
The Last - Who What When Where Why!!!:  Comment from one of the viewers and it is so well described, "Great them... 
梁靜茹 - 會過去的:  新的戒指 失了光澤 幾年過了呢沉默著 天快暗了 我們該把 往事收拾了再多說 也回不去了後來的 都沒關係了縱然我 想起你的 某年某天 歷歷還深刻 分開後有 一段日子 躲得遠遠的終於我 都走完了 慢慢也... 
丁当 - 一个人不可能: &lt;div style="text-align: center;"&gt;&lt;object classid="clsid:D27CDB6E-AE6D-11cf-96B8-444553540000" heigh... 
曲婉婷 - Today: 当 你的眼 凝望我的眼世界从此不再需要语言当 你的唇 迎接我的吻世界从此不再需要时间有爱在 围绕我心间有你在 苦也是甜有多少个昨天是为了能圈住今天的一个愿有多少次迷路是为了能停留在这一瞬间因为有你所... 
Do What You Love...: The point is - I dont even know what I love; I am confused. 
Flash mob marriage proposal at MBS: "If you understand each other, getting married is not a huge commitment, but... 
15 Signs Your Relationship is Meant to Be: Even when you're crazy about someone, it can often be hard to know if... 
Secrets To A Lasting Marriage: You vowed to love each other for better or for worse, till death do you part… but... 
A successful relationship requires falling in love many times, always with the same person but deeper and deeper... 
Lean On My Shoulder When You Are Tired; I Will Be Here For You:  
Saturday 14/01/12 - It is very hard to find someone that can grow old with you.: Is it possible?   
A True Soul Mate is a Mirror...: “People think a soul mate is your perfect fit, and that's what everyone  wants.... 
Sweet Proposal! Happily Ever After!: So sweet... I hope I will be fortunate enough to experience that.   
周杰伦 - Mine Mine: 没有你的生活 我开始写小说好多画面好多灵感 我要把稿费都给你巷口不小心经过 你的车子依旧停在红线 帮你缴罚单你叫我别管 我才想到我们已经分开想起那一个夏天 那不是那不是那是冬天想起你生气的脸... 
Thursday 15/12/11 - As long as my heart says ok, I am ok.:  
Wednesday 14/12/11 - I need to find that someone...:  
Sunday 11/12/11 - A Day Worths Remembrance: A new chapter, a new beginning... Hope things will continue to stay ... 
喜悅與海軍的愛情故事: I believe in finding true love and I still believe in that. I always tear when I watch this.I like t... 
\"If Love Is a Game, These Are the Rules\" by Dr. Cherrie Carter-Scott: The Ten Simple Rules:You must love yours... 
韦礼安 - 还是会: 在日出之前 能不能再看一眼 你的脸在离开以前 能不能再说一些 真心的诺言能不能给我 更多的时间 就躺在你的身边把这画面 你静静的脸 温柔的肩 记在心里面还是会害怕 醒来不在你身边的时候害怕 从此不在你左... 
女人不知道的事: 1.當男生在你面前撒嬌，就應該慶幸，因為他把你當自己人看待，才向你展露自己暗藏最深的一面。2.每個人都有完美的回憶，男生不是拿不起放不下，只是在懷戀曾經的美好。記住，他選擇了你，就有他的理由(他愛的是你 想... 
再一次擁有: 這是分手後的第三天,依舊想著你..想著我們的過去分手的那天 雖然你說我們還會是朋友的但..你知道嗎?我還是好愛你好想你的雖然還是朋友 但那種成份就是不同雖然還是朋友 但你的一切我再也沒資格管那麼多了雖然還是朋友... 
With Time Running Short, Jobs Managed His Farewells: Over the last few months, a steady stream of visitors to Pa... 
談情說愛 - 讓自己清醒的19句話: 1、如果發簡訊給一個人，他一直不回，不要再發了。沒有這麼卑微的等待。2、如果沒有人陪，學著一個人聽音樂看書寫點心情日記。這是個好習慣。3、如果一個人很難過，找個角落或者在被子裏哭一下，不... http://bit.ly/onmVUj
阿福 - 声声慢:  詞: 楊謹維 曲: 何官錠 演唱: 阿福尋尋覓覓的那天 冷冷清清的那夜 淒淒慘慘的冬天 我又重來一遍蘇三又離了紅桐縣 吹散了　這春天 該有的 桃花月 我又開始想念妳悄悄走的那天 我默默閉上雙眼 風偷偷吹... http://bit.ly/lsX2vu
感人MV(備好面紙.你會淚流不止):   http://bit.ly/kIHXKC
5 regrets people have on their deathbeds: Ms. Bronnie Ware has worked with the dying for many years. She recentl... http://bit.ly/lBpGBH
黑人＆范范 - 百年好合婚禮花絮:   http://bit.ly/jsG87G
When a GIRL ...: When a GIRL is quiet … millions of things are running in her mind.When a GIRL is not arguing … ... http://bit.ly/e6aR3W
How can you tell when is a man right for you?: “Find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of hot, who calls you... http://bit.ly/gfmzgT
Sunday 24/04/11 - Stranger, Again: This is so so true. "Every relationship goes through stages. Where and how ea... http://bit.ly/g9desO
When you have a new hope, you have started a new life.:  http://bit.ly/eifxbo
陈晓东 - 比我幸福: 望着广场的时钟 你还在我的怀里躲风不习惯言不由衷 沉默如何能让你都懂此刻与你相拥 也算有始有终祝福有许多种 心痛却尽在不言中请你一定要比我幸福 才不枉费我狼狈退出再痛也不说苦 爱不用抱歉来弭补至少我能... http://bit.ly/hkfskI
Monday 28/02/11 - Nice Pic!: Have been quite tired these few days. Haiz! Anyway, was surfing the net when I came... http://bit.ly/gxqlWr
Friday 18/02/11 - I Dont Like to be Pacified; Neither Do I Like to Pacify Others...: While I was waiting for the... http://bit.ly/hLirgX
Tuesday 08/02/11 - I Like the New Google Image!:  http://bit.ly/hdYivM
My twitter is still alive... Hopefully...
I realise I havent been kind enough to myself.
I hate myself. Haiz....
Eating bird nest now. Wow!
Moon - 第一次是偶然, 第二次是必然, 第三次是命中注定...
For some reasons, I am EMO-ING! I dont know why. Listening to "Kiss the Rain" and it somewhat reinforces EMO-ING! Well, back to paper...
I havent been onto twitter for so long. Haiz...
Is This The Most Powerful Wealth Creation Secret - Ewen’s FREE Ebook 4 Download Now @ http://bit.ly/dtiYXQ b4 the FREE offer vanishes!
Real busy with life now... So many things to do yet so little time. I need a break; I need a shoulder. HAIZ!
原来从爱一个人到忘记一个人是一件很容易的事；容易到令我觉得残忍。爱是这么的残忍，这么的无情，这么的无奈 - 可是我还是会求拥有一颗爱人和被人爱的心。
For some reasons, my tear glands got activated today, which made me realise something: I still know how to cry.
Hope I can slow down my life and enjoy what I really want... Pray for Israel!!!
This week is gonna be a busy week. Same for next week. But I enjoy it...
Somehow not in good mood... Haiz... Why? Why? Why? What have I done again?
I hate to mug now and I need to see a shrink soon, according to the doctor. Haiz...
15th (15/03/10) - So tired today; slept at 2am yesterday, couldnt sleep. So many things to do yet there is only one me. I need clones!
13th & 14th day (13-14/03/10) - Due to some reasons, I drank coffee agin but only half a cup. I m still drinking milk. Oh well, no excuse...
12th day (12/03/10). Had dinner @ Astons with NTU friends today; ok only. TCC again! Drank latta mocha today; ok only also. Well, not happy.
11th day... Very tired today; got full-time & part-time work, & need to prepare for exam. Btw, sth that I worked on for 3 mths didnt work.
Tenth day... Me feel nothing special, I suppose NO WITHDRAWAL. Anyway, my Fab worked! Dont need to repeat le.
Eighth and ninth day... Tempted to smell coffee aroma but that is not enough to trick me into drinking coffee. *smile* Milo with milk...
Yesterday was sixth day. Drank coffee in TCC, no choice, out with friends. Today seventh day, no coffee for me but milk instead. Horrible...
Fifth day w/o coffee. I use Dao Huay to compensate for that. Been feeling more tired recently... Haiz... I learned this today - 慢不怕, 只怕站.
Forth day w/o coffee. Nothing special... Gonna be busy soon because of exam and in not so good mood today. Haiz...
Third day w/o coffee. Still feeling ok but I feel like stiffing the aroma of coffee. Like drug addict. Btw, my unwinding assay works.
Today is the second day w/o coffee. Felt ok during work, not as bad as I thought but I was so sleepy during tuition. Guess I was too bored.
