我要感谢大姐秋宝的提名下获得这一次的英雄奖。其实说来惭愧，因为还有二十位溶酶体疾病的孩子直到如今还没获得治疗。他们平均需要每一年一百万的医药费，我身为主席为民情愿，赴汤蹈火拼了三年，还是没有着落，卫生部这三年来对我们的书信可以说... 
Two Children, One Rare Disease and Their Mother Who is Making a Difference 
Raise your Hands for Rare Disease Day in Dutch! 
2014 Rare Disease Day Official Video Is Out! 
Expedition Mt Kinabalu 2014 TEAM INTERNATIONAL 
Rare Disease Day 2014 - Feb 28 - Get involved 
My three boys and Haemophilia « Rare Disease Day Australia 

Take Action Now. Get Involved In Rare Disease Day 2014. 


3/2/14 9pm, Bendahari Pertubuhan Peniaga Kecil-kecilan Seremban Mr Chai  membuat  sumbangan  15 kotak limau... 
3/2/14 8pm, Pertubuhan Peniaga Kecil-kecilan Seremban membuat  sumbangan  RM 1,000 kepada MLDA, ucapan... 
今天除夕, 马年将至。感谢天地, 能活在天地之间, 每天呼吸新鲜空气乃不简单,没有烟霾就好。感谢父母, 如果没有他们, 我就不会出现在这个世界,... 
Seremban Small Vendor Association President Dato JP  Lee announcing their donation to MLDA RM 1,000 during their... 
This evening we have visited  Pn Sunarti family at Bkt Jalil, they had moved from Mersing one month ago. One of... 
Together with Lawyer Mr Wong Kong Fatt  律师黄觥发 (black /white shirt) this morning at Sjkc Ladang Hillside, thanks... 
We are thankful to a group of Volunteers comprises of Alleysa, Myth and CT to assist MLDA for the next  upcoming... 

Meet the Rare Disease Day Ambassador 2014: Sean Hepburn Ferrer 
Wow! This year World Rare Disease Day poster is now available at... 
Absolutely truthful! 
"NO MATTER WHAT PROBLEMS WE ARE FACING, THERE'S ALWAYS ROOM FOR HAPPINESS IN OUR LIVES".....These are the words... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
The Long Road to Fabry 
Hi all MLDA FB friends, we would like to inform you that we  have coming up with a  photo album project depicting... 
Group Photo 
Press Conference 
Organizing Committee photo 
MLDA participate A Silent Walk in the Night organised by Raisevoice at Tmn Jaya, public education is a continuous... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
每一个孩子的生命都是物价的。没有政府的资助，他们的药可说是遥遥无期啊！罕见病的孩儿心酸有谁知？父母在孩子出世就接受孩子存在的事实，原因很简单--这是他的孩子。政府也因该接受孩子，因为它们都是马来西亚人的孩子啊！
MLDA received RM 2,000 donation from Sunway South Quay Sdn Bhd, Project Manager Mr Jason Lee handed over cheque... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Greeting from LSD family, Happy Diwali to all Indian families who celebrating this wonderful festive season!... 
目前有13名病患等待要價百萬令吉的酵素替代療法進行治療，這些病患的年齡介於12至15歲，他們已無法長時間等待。在國外和一些亞太地區的國家都已經成立罕見疾病的法令和醫療制度，以有效保障病患的權益。... 
I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "2nd Malaysia Conference on Rare Disorders" 
New Position Available :General Business Coordinator
Department: Administrative
Reports to: MLDA’s Exco... 
MLDA invited by Lotus Light Charity Society for a charity fund raising dinner tonight held at Seremban Chung Hwa... 
Little Pink Fundraiser Ride in NZ - 2 Rare Birds Video Update 

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Dear all,

To better manage MLDA, it has been passed in AGM that we are going to hire a full time employee to run... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Wishing all  Muslim friends "Selamat Hari Raya Aidilfitri Maaf Zahir dan Batin" Enjoy your holiday and drive... 
I posted 129 photos on Facebook in the album "Sharing of Knowledge from 17th International MPS Networking Meeti" 
I posted 20 photos on Facebook in the album "" 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Sharing of presentation slide by Japanese physician on latest medical research and finding. 
The whole journey took me about 1 hour to reach to the hill top, it's an amazing experience that Tari-i after... 
There are so many shrines in area near to Kyoto city, some of them attained World Heritage recognition and... 
Happy celebrating Nuqul Quran today for all the Muslim &amp; Musliman, today our ex-secretary Kian Foon has bank in... 
This is a story of two women. Both are New Zealanders and both have a terrible and fatal disease. 
What if you were diagnosed with a rare disease where the drugs you needed to keep you alive were not funded by... 
Although the occurrence of LSD is rare – affecting only 1 in 7700 people – the treatment requires a lifelong... 
MLDA first committee meeting being held today at Lake Titiwangsa discussing annual plan. Never underestimate a... 
Dear all strong supporters of MLDA,

Now that we are at the marking of 1042 likes. Can we ask a little favor from... 
Dear all,

Thank you for liking this page, it means a lot to us. Our dream to achieve 10, 000 is now closer... 

Cute little Ammar is MLDA's MPS 1 patient. He needs to get his ERT treatment as soon as possible before more... 
Rare diseases are an important challenge for governments and the public health, medical and social services... 
Lysogene is a young company who developing new medication for MPS III, hope they can create another miracle soon!... 
Today we received additional donation fund of RM511.75 from Student Council of New Castle Medical University.... 
Today is MPS Day. We hope you have wear something purple as support. For MLDA, we will be launching our welfare... 
LYSOGENE announced today that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted orphan drug designation to... 


This is a nice awareness video on MPS n ML did by National MPS... 
This coming Wednesday 15 May is MPS Day. Pls show your support by wearing purple, it could be your shirts, your... 
World Orphan Drug Congress Asia 2013 is Asia’s most strategic orphan drug industry event. This event is dedicated... 
These are the kind souls behind the scene that have successfully organized NUmed Run 2013 "Run for Life" event on... 
I posted 61 photos on Facebook in the album "Run for Life" 
NUMed Run 2013, with the theme "Run for Life", is organised by NUMed Students Council. This run aims to create... 
It has been our greatest hope to save every single child inflicted with Lysosomal Storage Diseases no matter where... 
After we had re-issued out 316 tax exemption receipts of 2012, this letter only came in today to inform us of the... 
Dear all,

We are glad that the numbers of "likes" are picking up, thank you.  But still it is quite a numbers to... 
Dear all,

We are glad that the numbers of "likes" are picking up, thank you.  But still it is quite a numbers to... 
Thanks to Malindo Airline, our "niat" to visit the Kok's Pompe family in Bau, Sarawak was finally fulfilled last... 
We are giving away Samsung Galaxy S3 to Lucky Fan for FREE. All that you need to do is complete these easy steps... 
想要拥有一部免费的Samsung Galaxy S3 吗？您只需完成以下三个简单的步骤，您就有机会赢取。

1. “Like” 这个 Malaysia Lysosomal Diseases Association’s... 
We are giving away Samsung Galaxy S3 to Lucky Fan for FREE. All that you need to do is complete these easy steps... 
We need your help and support to walk this rare journey. 
Our rare diseases day news is out in The Star Metro page 11 today!
If you do not have the paper with you, go to... 
Our rare diseases day news is out in The Star Metro page 11 today!
If you do not have the paper with you, go to... 
The FB competition ended last Saturday. Participation is poor, we do not really have a winner. But we still want... 
Darmash and Sethu news came into Tamil Nesan and Namban in today newspaper.  This is the first time MLDA news... 
TNB NEGERI SEMBILAN via Program Bersama Komuniti donated RM 2,000 to MLDA, the mock cheque presented by NS Chief... 
Nur Aqmal has started his first Elaprase Enzyme Replacement Treatment last Friday in Hospital Kuala Lumpur. This... 
It has never been easy for the LSD parents to go on this rare journey whereby you will hardly see anyone in your... 
This video was compiled  in conjunction of the MLDA Charity Dinner last year. 
We hope more children will be save... 
Ada 14 orang pesakit Lisosomal yang sedang tenat menunggu rawatan Enzyme Replacement Therapy (ERT). Tanpa... 
14 of our patients are dying waiting to get their Enzyme Replacement Therapy. It is a very expensive LIFELONG... 
There must be something wrong to the rule of competition, after almost a week; there is less than 100 people who... 
Pompe Disease Patient can live a life fully, showing her strong determination, prove to the world muscle wastages... 
The Team Behind the Treatment 

by Marsha A. Green 

Yamila Jimenez is a 3-year-old walking miracle. She has... 
The Team Behind the Treatment 

by Marsha A. Green 

Yamila Jimenez is a 3-year-old walking miracle. She has... 
Only Sinchew Daily news coverage hit to the National page, it's been tough to publish state of N. Sembilan news... 
Sharing of Chinapress press released on 3/3/13. 
MLDA news came out today in 3 newspaper! Sharing of Nanyang press released on 3/3/13. 
马来西亚溶酶体疾病协会今天推动面子页醒觉运动推广比赛，参赛者有机会赢首奖取SAMSUNG S3手机！只要LIKE MALAYSIA LYSOSOMAL DISEASES ASSOCIATION... 
MLDA would like to launch FB Awareness Campaign Competition, grab your opportunity to win a Samsung S3 today!... 
MLDA would like to launch FB Awareness Campaign Competition, grab your oppurtunity to win a Samsung S3 today!... 
In Conjunction with World Rare Disease Day, MLDA working together with Institue Medical Researsh for blood... 
Raise up your hand, raise your voice up so that the whole world of people could hear you. 
Save us before my... 
Guest of Honour Dato JP Lee Teong Chwee gracely opening Rare Disease Day 2013, passing cash donation to patient... 
Today marked history of the day that MLDA celebrating World Rare Disease Day with the theme Rare Disorder Without... 
Animation movie of intracerebral gene therapy approach for the treatment of lysosomal storage diseases. This film... 

Berapa lama lagikah adik Akmal kena tunggu rawatannya? 
There's a million mouths to feed I got everything I need,
 I'm breezing. 
There's a hurting thing inside And I've... 
What is Rare Disease Day all about?
The campaign started as a European event by Eurodis in 2008 and has become a... 
Tinggal 3 hari lagi seluruh dunia akan meraikan World Rare DIsease Day pada 28hb Feb 2013. Hari ini cerita yang... 
Tinggal 3 hari lagi seluruh dunia akan meraikan World Rare DIsease Day pada 28hb Feb 2013. Hari ini cerita yang... 
Tinggal 3 hari lagi seluruh dunia akan meraikan World Rare DIsease Day pada 28hb Feb 2013. Hari ini cerita yang... 
Kelab Sukan Dan Rekreasi Layang-Layang Seremban in their 8th Anniversary Charity Night has donated RM18,000 to 9... 
Rare Genomic 2013 video to raise public awareness on rare diseases in Malaysia in conjunction with World Rare... 
Dear all FB friends, we are glad to inform you that yesterday we finally receive the letter from LHDN for tax... 
Today mark History of the day when our FB page hit at 555, another 9days the whole world of people will be... 
It's very difficult to imagine when you have a  child inflicted with MPS II (Hunter Syndrome), waited for the... 
In conjunction with Rare Disease Day 2013, we upload this video again to highlight the issue face by LSD patients... 
This year's official Rare Disease Day 2013 video. Please share it on your page. To read about the young stars in... 
Sharing World Rare Disease Day Official Video:
1 person in 20 is affected by a rare disease. 
Over 6000 different... 
Happy Chinese New Year to our MLDA FB supporters.
- wishing you best of luck in the year of snake
- hope you be... 
World Rare Diseases Day is coming soon on 28 Feb 2013. 

The campaign started as a European event by Eurodis in... 
MLDA telah dipelawa untuk menghadiri ke Himpunan Barisan 1 Malaysia pada 19hb Jan 2013 di Auditorium Tunku Puan... 
Wishing all Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! Wishing all the dream come true that no matter how, every single... 
Wishing all Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! Wishing all the dream come true that no matter how, every single... 
I posted 15 photos on Facebook in the album "" 
This video was first time presented during MLDA Charity Dinner on the 9/11/12.  
We hope more children will be... 
MPS VI or best known as Maroteaux-Lamy Syndrome, is a debilitating disease that affect 1 out of 340,000 children... 
The news appear at the Star on line! 
Mucopolysaccharidoses(MPS) is one of the Lysosomal Storage Diseases- the rare ailment is caused by the absence or... 
Sharing the video for the first Charity Night held by MLDA last Friday, thanks to all the volunteers, friends,... 
Sharing the video for the first Charity Night held by MLDA last Friday, thanks to all the volunteers, friends,... 
Sinchew Daily yesterday in National page cover the need to enact Orphan Drug Act to protect and secure the... 
Chinapress covered Charity Dinner news with sponsors and children in the group photo session. This news only... 
MLDA news covered in National Page Nanyang today, glad to hear from Health Minister Dato Seri Liow Tiong Lai that... 
I posted 11 photos on Facebook in the album "2012 Charity Night : There's Love Out There Because You Care" 
I posted 31 photos on Facebook in the album "2012 Charity Night : There's Love Out There Because You Care" 
Today is our Charity Night! Please come early , we will start our video clips at 7pm. See you there!
We applied TAX EXEMPTION STATUS in last year Oct and was not approved in early this year due to technical reason.... 
The GPS coordinate for City Kingdom Convention Hall No.1 is 2.724167,101.931759. No meet No Good Bye. Our table... 
Dear ladies and gentleman, here's the summary of donation list as at 4/11/2012, we thank for all the donors and... 
There's a good news today for MLDA, firstly one of our Life Hourable advisor  has help us gather a very... 
Hi all MLDA supporters, we are almost there, our ticketing will be closing this Friday, only 3 VIP tables left.... 
Thanks you to all the guest of honour that are able to attend the Charity Night, we are at the midst closing the... 
Yesterday rehearsal from Seremban Ballet Academy, some parents expressed their interest to take up tables. Charity... 
2012年10月17日 - 全國約40病患‧活命不超過20歲‧溶酶體貯積病患與生命搏鬥 - 森美蘭 - 頭條新聞 - 鄉音 
Dear ladies and gentleman, here's the summary of donation list as at 20/10/12, we shall discolose all the donors... 
每一个患上溶酶体疾病的孩子都好像是受伤了的天使。而我们可以扮演姐姐的角色，让小天使不再第二度受伤。。。 
每一个孩子都好像是受伤了的天使。而我们可以扮演姐姐的角色，让小天使不再第二度受伤。。。 
期待医学新突破！ 
Thanks to the help of our Seremban's Sin Chew's friend, our story came out in NS edition front page today. We hope... 
