RT : 相信一见钟情吗 — 相信吧 :) 
RT : Anyone going to to the gardens or mid valley today?i need help 🙏
I missing you .......
RT : 想念是会呼吸的痛
Emo
RT : 真系恐怖😨在车发神经 走度 !! 😂😂😂😂😂😂
“: 不管你想要的是什么都祝福你”
Fucking crazy valentine day !😱😱😱
I'm at Fong Lye Taiwan Restaurant (蓬莱茶房) w/  
A specially day without you
 so jeng
RT : ": I don't know why i'm still waiting."
 几点回？
 你去到几点？
Good night
RT : 情人节只是节日，真正爱对方，每天都是情人节。
  Carmen 就走水啦 bawah keluar air 😂😂
Hohoho😝
  lol hahahahhaa
RT : 见到一个人最差的样子，却依旧能爱上，才是真爱。
突然间喷血😱😰😮😐
说了再见 才发现再也见不到
RT : 情侣之间的对话是单身的人不能看的 😂
RT : 得唔到嘅嘢总係最好嘅.
RT : 心事重重
有种不好的预感🌑🌑🌑🌚
RT : “: I love seeing you smile.”
 O
 siapa orang itu ?😏😏
做好决定了😄👍
我太失败了吧😔
 lol 😍😍
wow ! Finally get it ✌️
Good night
Can't sleep than watch drama la ✌️Dan liun xiong sheng 👍
Can't fall in sleep again 😌😌
 who punya ?
 yup😊
 wow so beautiful I olso want buy one 😍😍
 means rm 100😳😳
 how much ?
 whr you buy ?!
 过奖过奖
RT : Everyone are selfish , especially me
 我一日一条
 haha nic noob la you Your gf bring for me ark lol 😝😝😂😂
  no me la ?😏😂
真希望今年会过的比往年不一样🙈🙈
RT : 要我怎样装得好像什么事都没有发生
😯💨
 对对对！😂😂
 我可以给别人但是给不了自己 lol 😥
谁能给我些正能量？？😰
手在抖～😲😲
RT : 其實我从出生到现在，没有真正过情人节
RT : 幸福的事不是有很多人爱你，而是你爱的人也爱你。
RT : Damn it's hot like mother of god
Fucking hot weather now ! ☀️☀️
RT : 2月14 吃自己😂
 O
RT : 如果有人在喝醉的时候给我打来电话 哪怕他说着一大堆不着边际的话语 哪怕他吵醒了我的好梦 我还是会静静的听他说完 因为 我知道 我对他来说是个很重要的存在
RT : 人和猪的区别就是，猪会一直是猪，而人有时却不是人
 okay👧👧
 alright🙆
 later give her see dou you die 😱😱🙊
鳗鱼真是106👍
 your didi want I think 😏😏 nonono is you bodo ka ?
 fastastic .....😂😂🙊
 flu and wanna get fever soon I think 😷😷 whole body no energy ady
 come on !
 next time ba
 I wear metal underwear😎
Supper✌️🍙 
 why ? You get well or not ark?😌😌
 siao da Bo 😂😂
Feeling like don't want going to school tomorrow 😷😷😕
RT : 不要给了我希望又让我失望
RT : sick 9 lan 7 sick 😷😷😷😷
RT : 最难过的就是我一直觉得那个人很重要，可是他最重要的人却不是我。
RT : I miss how you call my name.
“: 主动，是因为在乎。不联系，是因为觉得自己多余。”
 take care and rest more 👍
RT : Headache headache 😭😭😭
😷
RT : 我没穿过情侣装,没和喜欢的人放过礼花,在一起都没超过一年,没人管的了我,没人说离开我活不了,没人失去我好像失去全世界,没做过让人羡慕的事情,没人做过感动让我流眼泪的事情,没人在一句我难受的时候说一句你在哪马上到,没人在误会我的时 候为我…
Gao pan bu qi
 you sohai go eat
病9jor😩
I'm at Restaurant Ajimal Razim w/    @nicholas_chia 
RT : Ajimal again😂
RT : GEM TANG! ❤️❤️
RT : Yeh! 孔明灯安全飞上天空了😄
Sienzzzz😪😪
Just posted a photo 
RT : 过了就没得再回头，所以我们要珍惜眼前的东西。
RT : 有时候做了的决定，就不能再回头了。
Gem❤️
Training🏀
good night🌙🌠
 你是他的🙊 不是我的
 good night
等待着那个她…
各位前度我非常开心你们把我给甩了 看见你们个个都那么幸福 心里超满足 👍😆😆
 infront you cannot lo , you like lah
 so? You can't give me a answer ?! Wtf
唉哟～唉哟～唉哟～唉哟～唉哟～
 same with you only
Woyaowomenzaiyiqi
 fucker tomorrow got training ?
RT : 其实我比你爱我更爱你
 lol
 发翘
好像不用睡觉酱🐼🐼
RT : 我们都很擅长口是心非，又都很希望对方能有所察觉。
今年烟花炮仗大减价刚才到现在没停过😱😱🎇🎇🎇🎆🎆🎇🎆
“: Bring my bou buii along so that I can sleep at anytime 😂😅🐰”noob 🐰🐰
 Kay Kay 😉
 don't want la 哈哈
 go whr go whr ?
RT : 如果有一天，我忘了爱，忘了痛，就像忘记一些事一般那么简单，或许只是当初我暂时搁浅遗忘了本能。
Everning sky❤️
I believe that I love you
 lol! Too nice 😂😂😂
 what's that?
Abalone 😋
 好方法！ 😂😭👍
 okay ! I try to watch 😅
 lei gong mat x ?
 nice or not ?
 Korean drama ?😳
#Np set fire to the rain
 why not good ? I sing song for you la 😂😂
 😔😔
Be brave pls small black👳😯
 good
RT : 有时候很想痛痛快快醉一场，醒来后到一个没人认识我的地方，然后，一切从零开始。
这个问题一直在我脑海飘来飘去😥
💭💬💭💬💭💬💭
Let's goRT : 想饮starbucks
RT : 不要羡慕别人，你有更好的，只是你还不知道。
 ok la don't worry 😅
 rmb buy boom😄💣
RT : I love my class, love my classmate😘😘
 drink water la😂😂
 use 👄
RT : 知不知道，有时你不经意的一句话会影响我一天的心情。
我也想喝星吧克😞
RT : 时光总有一天会将你我拆散，可是即便如此，在那个时刻之前，也让我们在一起吧。
good night 😴
单恋双城💚
RT : 有没有这么一个人，曾经占据了你全部的生活，现在却连声问候都会觉得尴尬。
RT : 曾几何时，我们已经习惯了不该习惯的习惯，接受了那些不想接受的接受
捞生！🎊🎉
I like your smile☺️
 good
RT : 有时候你的微笑是我最大的安慰。
RT : Is it all real? I don't know, I really don't know. Sometime I will be in decision of Yes or No? 😔😖
#Np 你存在我深深的脑海里
Fong sap beng fat zok ! ⛄️❄️😖
RT : 把每一天都当作最后一天 ，那么才会真正的珍惜每一天
 oi bodoh bila balik?
RT : You are all i think about :)
 nice one！😄
RT : Gamble
RT : This year mou meh dim. 😅
My house ! 😂😂😂
Reach pang's house 😝
#Np 你就不要想起我
催情歌最适合在这时候听🎶
希望你能领悟到我有多想你😶😶
挂住你...
 哈哈 我做庄 😄
  lol
 lol
Huat ark ! 😂😂✌️✌️🅰🅰 
 go go go !
RT : 总喜欢把笑容挂在嘴边，即使心里是难受的。
RT : 还是该提醒自己，不要那么天真
So cute
Ok bye bye bibi 😄😂✋👋✋👋
Chor San so boring ._.
RT : 我怀恋的，还会回来吗？
RT : 年初三.
make some noise !!!!👋👋
小酒窝长睫毛是你最美的记号😍
#np  小酒窝☺️
风湿病发作😖
Movie later ✌️
Flappy bird 😡
RT : Come here, I miss you.
RT : Have I moved on? yes, do I still care about you? always.
有博杀的冲动😅😂
 Jom!
RT : 初二就没有地方去了.......😞
RT : 看到你的照片就会想念你
Timing 很重要😄RT : 爱，又有几个人足够幸运，能够在有生之年，正确的时间，遇到真爱呢？
RT : 离你远去的人，是他失去了你，不是你失去了他。离开，也许是为了下个路口的更好的重逢。
真想去一个没人的地方剩下蓝天白云与我:)
RT : 你好靓啊
#np 礼物
