I added a video to a  playlist  猜猜是什麼廣告~太好笑了!.wmv
I added a video to a  playlist  第一次看到那麼好笑的廣告!
I added a video to a  playlist  胡戈 系列作品 - 黑帮老大大战刑警队长
I added a video to a  playlist  Google Chrome, Japan
I added a video to a  playlist  Funny Ikea Commercial - Speeding
I added a video to a  playlist  Buying a Volkswagen from an old lady...
I added a video to a  playlist  Metal Gear Solid 4 "Save the world with your fingers"
I added a video to a  playlist  Nike Japan commercial
I added a video to a  playlist  Metal Gear Solid - 1998 TV SPOT
I added a video to a  playlist  Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater - JAPANESE TV SPOT
I added a video to a  playlist  Hyundai Best Super Bowl Commercials Angry Bosses Jeff Bridges in-game
I added a video to a  playlist  funta japan CM 芬達日本廣告
I added a video to a  playlist  Just For Laugh!
I added a video to a  playlist  Chicken Mushroom Takikomi Gohan Recipe
I added a video to a  playlist  阿基師 偷呷步_如何炒地瓜葉不變黑
I added a video to a  playlist  美食鳳味 20130902 唰嘴涼拌秋葵 紅燒豬腳 part2
I added a video to a  playlist  美食鳳味20131107 好吃的菜脯炒飯
I added a video to a  playlist  正確做彈牙麵疙瘩 阿基師偷呷步 1
I liked a  video  BMW Oil Filter Housing and Oil Cooler Gasket Replacement N51 N52 Engine 6 Cylinder
I liked a  video  BBC Horizon The Secret Life of the Cat
Why Facebook is Still a Goldmine for Marketers – 10 Years Later 
Join HelloFax and get 5 extra fax pages free. It's the easiest way to sign &amp; send documents. 
I added a video to a  playlist  Shadow of the Colossus OST (Playstation 2)
I added a video to a  playlist  Full Castlevania: Symphony of the Night OST
RT : ICYMI: Blackmagic now shipping its Production Camera 4K for $1,000 less than expected  http://t.co/ZQaO…
at Richlane Chinese Cuisine 百福 
Is the desk that much emptier? 
Check out #PRETAIL why crowdfunding platforms are the new shopping malls &amp; what that means for you  via 
I liked a  video from @lepidopterism  The Power of Addiction and The Addiction of Power: Gabor Maté at
RT : 5 Ways to Decide if Your Business Needs a Mobile App  via @bndarticles
RT : Our friends  now have both Nexus 5 and Nexus 7 available at locations around the US:  http:/…
Just got a very rude and unfriendly officer in Toronto Airport, no body pays them? I PAY MY TAX, and I want... 
 Hi, I am your current customer and I am moving to Markham area, post code L6C1T8, is any service available there?
 Please help me to fill out a online survey about catering in school, , please share to UOIT students
 Hey, if you have time, please help me to fill out a online survey,  and please share to UOIT students.
 Hey, if you have time, please help me to fill out a online survey,  and please share to UOIT students.
still no update for my Nexus 7, where are you Kikat?
I just bought: 'SPIGEN Google Nexus 5 Case Protective [Neo Hybrid] [Metal Slate] Slim Dual Layer... via  
RT : Starting today, Nexus 7 (2012 and 2013) and Nexus 10 will be getting a tasty update to Android 4.4, KitKat
Haha' just got my nexus 5 phone. Feel so Good!!!
big-data.jpg 
Android 4.4 KitKat Targets Google’s Next Billion Users 
Reserve my nexus 5 on Fido, Cannot wait any more. 

Amazon, Google, Facebook 



if you don't try freemake video converter now, you'll hate yourself later. it's free  via 
Are smartphones making us anti-social? 
The question remains: Who is watching the watchers? 
Bullet-time rig made from 130 HTC One smartphones 
Laser pointer attacks on airplanes skyrocketing  via 
RT : Want to study for your Canadian #citizenship test on your Android phone? We have an app for that: 
RT : Want to study for your Canadian #citizenship test on your iPhone? We've got you covered:  #newcom…
I posted 51 photos on Facebook in the album "VIP Fashion Show Event" 
“: 13 Things you should never Say or do to your employees ”
Nexus 5 release date, price, photos, video and specs rumours  via 
A scientific guide to posting Tweets, Facebook posts, Emails and Blog posts at the best time -  via 
Super Mario fully implemented in HTML5 - Boing Boing  via 
Social Equity: How Google  Adds Value to Your Business - t2Social 
Eight Tips for Creating a Great LinkedIn Business Page : MarketingProfs  via @marketingprofs
I just bought: 'Asuxtek® Tablet Micro USB Host OTG Cable - Micro USB B/Male to USB2.0 A/Female OTG Host... via@amazon 
How I Hire: The 5 People You Should Never Hire | LinkedIn 
NCIX.ca - Samsung 840 Series 120GB 2.5in SATA3 MDX Solid State Disk Flash Drive SSD  via @sharethis
NCIX.ca - Razer DeathAdder 2013 Essential Ergonomic Gaming Mouse 6400DPI 4G Optical Sensor Syna...  via @sharethis
The TPP's Internet trap could criminalize your use of the Internet  @theopenmedia @sum_of_us #tpp
#TPP threatens the Internet, access to knowledge, economic opportunity and our fundamental rights:  #fairdeal/
Severe thunderstorms cause flooding, blackouts, havoc on roads around GTA  via @torontostar
Flooding in Toronto
High performance mechanical keyboard. Super awesome feel.  via 
Always have your stuff when you need it with . Sign up for free! 
