RT : 【警方布天罗地网　缉拿偷钻戒5嫌犯】

520万令吉黄钻戒失窃一案，警方已在城中各大商场、酒店及机场出入境处布下天罗地网，确保由5人组成的中国籍神偷党插翼难飞。

新闻链接： 
RT : Goal! Dzeko scores 100th goal for Manchester City. Manchester City 1-0 Cardiff City &gt;   #MCFC #CCFC
RT : Manchester City 1-0 Cardiff - Edin Dzeko for #mcfc The Cardiff players protest it wasn't over the line. Ref says yes. http://…
RT : The Syphon is one of the most elaborate ways to brew coffee. How to use it:  
RT : Does caffeine strengthen your memory? Find out: 
RT : 【婚宴归途船难　3人溺毙8失踪】

砂拉越沐胶玛都县甘榜沙伊前往甘榜德卡戎水域发生船难，一艘载有27人的长船在甘榜沙伊前往甘榜德卡戎时，相信被巨浪打翻船，至截稿为止，警方证实有3人溺毙、16人被救起，仍有8人失踪。

新闻链接： http://…
RT : Umno balas ‘flash mob kangkung’ dengan amaran 13 Mei 
RT : Laporan kangkung BBC menjadi berita dunia 
RT : 100 prisoners suffer food poisoning after consuming 'ayam masak merah' dish 
RT : Prolonged kangkung laughter an outlet for dissent over economy 
RT : 修女产下男婴 声言不知有孕: 意大利一名修女产下一名男婴，但称不知道自己怀孕。 
Ciplak babak Zhao Sing Chee bah RT : Drama TV3 ni lelaki pun pandai bedarah idung tgk perempuan cantik!
RT : 涉性侵 四百教士被解除聖職:   （UDN）
RT : FT Stats: Sunderland 2 – 2 Southampton
Possession: 37%-63% 
Shots: 10-17 
On target: 5-8  
Corners: 4-7  
Fouls: 8-8 
http://…
RT : FT Sunderland 2-2 Southampton: Adam Johnson's 4th goal in 2 games earns #safc a draw #saintsfc  http://…
Atau dari Sultan Melaka!? LOL RT :    lol..how he get a 'Dato' ??
Ask @huan2u RT :    lol..how he get a 'Dato' ??
   preston uni is a certified degree mill ”
   Sila search ---&gt; 
Preston University.
you can check his profile in Reuters
  Si  also have MBA or Master degree from Non acredited US university, degree mills.
Many more
RT : RT    ni ada ijazah palsu yg tidak diiktiraf,memang tidak boleh dipercayai bah "Univ o…
“: President @DrWanAzizah address to Rapat Pimpinan PKR quotes Li Si 李斯 "泰山不让土壤, 故能成其大; 河海不择细流, 故能就其深."” 
RT : t Idiot keeps repeating his tw RT  The superior man blames himself.The inferior man blames others -Don Shula …
  Si  ini ada ijazah palsu yg tidak diiktiraf,memang tidak boleh dipercayai bah
RT : Lepas ni, perkataan ‘kangkung’ haram kat #Malaysia. Takut orang keliru dengan PM.
RT : It's like Skinheads going around saying "Remember the Holocaust". Nampak? Bangunlah wahai rakan rakan. Abandon these old wa…
RT : Badminton: Lee on course for Malaysian victory 
RT : Seven signs you're a victim of identity theft 
RT : The superior man blames himself. The inferior man blames others. -Don Shula
RT :       Wood already touched by fire is not hard to set alig…
RT :     @nonvitaltooth How can u put out a fire set on a cart-load of firewood with only a…
RT : Umno roadshows | TMI

 #Malaysia

   @choiom @geanalyst  @ku…
RT :         @nonvitaltooth (cont) http://t.co/DSR…
RT : The 'pendatangs' are coming back ! | TMI

 #Malaysia

@geanalyst   @nonvita…
  Mind your Kangkung LOL
RT : Was told UMNO &amp; pro-BN NGOs have special immunity against criminal prosecution. 

What a kangkung country! http://t.co/uu8O7…
RT : Around the world in photos: Jan 12 - 18  
RT : #China starts building second aircraft carrier: Media  
RT : How is that certain groups are allowed to threathen riots/create fear ala May 13 and no action from the police/no sedition…
RT :  one party can say want to mandi darah cina. That blogger still free. Now still spilling racist tweets. Best
 don't worry her human rights records are best
RT : ": Anyone buy this? Ku Nan: Pro-Pakatan middlemen hiking prices of goods to incite hatred towards BN http:…
RT :  chlorophyl overdose?     
RT : ": sebarkan  1 Juta Tandatangan Rakyat Membantah Kenaikan Pelbagai Harga Barang &amp;amp; …
“: Pihak berkuasa Sweden benarkan wakil keluarga jumpa anak pasangan

” 
RT : When the Umno mob asks: does Dap want another 23 May? it clearly shows one thing. That they admit the 13 May Incident was…
RT : Swedish authority allows family reps to meet children of detained couple


RT : Does DAP want another May 13, ask Umno protesters 
RT :       and also key to their demise! Malays must wake…
RT : The laughing seal, Antarctica. 
RT : Porsche on a collision course with BMW: BERLIN, Jan 18 — The German sportscar company is considering a move into... htt…
RT : 醉男燒葉子取暖! 百貨廣場險失火: 天氣寒冷，有民眾疑似因為太冷了，酒後居然就在百貨公司的廣場旁，燒起樹葉取暖，讓百貨公司的保全人員...  （華視）
RT : 賭場兼"毒"場! 19名賭客全被逮: 新聞一開始，帶您直擊現場，高雄警方在駱駝山，破獲一個天九牌職業賭場，裡頭為了讓賭客提神助興，甚至...  （華視）
RT :       Eating Kangkung may be the culprit that cause t…
RT :      This "The solution lies in the political arena, by c…
RT :       1000 3000 is small fraction of Malays…
RT :      Politically correct.
RT :   Things are looking up for the Rent-a-Thug boys again.
“: Umno targets 4 million young people by GE14: TAIPING, Jan 18 
” 

BR1M again
RT : IAEA inspectors arrive in Tehran 
RT : Baghal betul. Bukankah bila tunjuk prasaan Umno PP tanya jika Dap mahu satu lagi 13 Mei, ertinya mreka akui pristiwa itu …
RT : Umno goes 'SAMSENG' over Najib's 'KANGKUNG': Threatens to shed CHINESE BLOOD! 
     UMNO saja bah bukan melayu bah
RT : DAP federalises Johor | 

 #Malaysia

  @choiom @geanalyst @gst…
RT : Key to Umno's survival | FMT

 #Malaysia

  @malaysiaforall  @nonvita…
RT : BBC runs another 'kangkung' story | FMT

 #Malaysia

   @nonvitalt…
RT :   United Malay National Organization itu pun bahasa asing bah!
RT : 女搶匪色誘老翁不成 動手行搶: 四十五歲楊姓女子外貌不差，卻是一名女搶匪，有毒品、竊盜、搶奪前科，她因缺錢花用，昨天下午在水林鄉農...  （UDN）
RT : Perarakan bantah tindakan hina PM #SHSemasa 
RT : 【苹果打造重大新产品】

美国苹果公司首席执行员（CEO）库克暗示，苹果即将推出的新产品大有看头。

新闻链接： 
RT : Where (and why) the super-rich are piling into real estate  
RT : She just adopted this cat. They match in the most awesome way. 
RT : Tahukah anda jawapan yang paling binatang sekali tentang telefon yang tidak payah cas baterinya? Pakailah telefon rumah. Tidak…
RT : MB Tganu g Antartika nak tgk bgmana nk bekukan banjir di Tganu,banjir tak teruk kalau air jadi ais #justify
RT : MOUNT SINABUNG ASH MAY REACH SG: 锡纳朋火山连日爆发，国家环境局表示，火山距离新加坡650公里，至今空气素质不受影响，但是预计火山灰烬将随着风向南移，因此可能抵达我国，导致空气素质稍微下滑。照片：AFP http:/…
RT : Wahid pi pasar. Muhyiddin pun pi ronda. This perhaps will culminate in a "Turun Padang Perdana" w/ the PM checking on the pri…
RT : “: Latest from BBC News Business ”
RT : Perhaps the entire Cabinet is looking at things today. Its called "memantau" RT : DPM surveys prices of goods at…
  Perhaps they thought with their real persons monitoring, no one dares to hike the price
“: Bila agaknya DBP dan pejuang bahasa nak sedar 'sentral' tu bahasa asing” Kalau BN semua Bagus bah
“: 'Cost of living a concern' for young S'poreans ” Low incomes groups!
RT : 六百人抗议喂纳吉蕹菜快闪
槟巫统挑战李凯伦斗胆重复

槟州巫统针对“蕹菜论”展开绝地反击，联同非政府组织号召600人示威，抗议发动“喂纳吉蕹菜”快闪的马章武莫州议员李凯伦羞辱马来领袖。... 
RT : No need for special committee on rising cost of living, says analyst  via @sharethis
RT : “ law enforcement officers mostly Msians” Yeah..But they behave so differently there. Just like how Sgpore dri…
 law enforcement officers mostly Msians
RT : Kg Pantai Dalam tukar kpd 'PANTAI SENTRAL' lambang Melayu yg tak yakin dgn Budaya sendiri. Alahai pemimpin Melayu hari ini ...
RT : Saya pengundi, pembayar cukai di Lembah Pantai BANTAH!! Kg Pantai Dalam ditukar 'PANTAI SENTRAL' #BantaiPANTAI_SENTRAL
RT : BUKIT RAKUS DITARAH, BUDAYA GHAIRAH DIPUNAH. Alahai 'PANTAI SENTRAL''Menangis'lah Allahyarham HJ SALLEH kalau hidup (peneroka …
RT : Tahniah DBKL berjaya menghapuskan warisan Melayu Kampung Pantai Dalam dgn menukar nama kepada 'PANTAI SENTRAL'!!!
RT : 【麻醉药帮助我们理解什么是意识】每1000名接受全身麻醉的患者中，平均会有一到两人并非如表面所见的那样不省人事，发生所谓的麻醉觉醒，一场手术会让人深思有关意识和感知这类哲学话题。
RT : 【印尼排华纪录片入围奥斯卡】

纪录片《杀戮演绎》（The Act of Killing）探讨大批华人遭杀害的印尼930事件，入围竞逐第86届奥斯卡金像奖最佳纪录片。该片入围，再度引发对印尼这段黑暗历史的省思。

新闻链接： http://t.…
RT : Problematic nuclear accord | The Japan Times  via @sharethis
RT : BBC runs another ‘kangkung’ story 
RT : 流行坎止：天下没有白吃的蕹菜•章龙炎 
RT : 'Allah,' the word that's pulling Malaysia apart | The Japan Times  via @sharethis
RT : This is what being in Govt does to smart people RT : Wahid heads to the market, surveys price of goods http://…
RT : Analyst: US Abandoning Middle East, Leaving Iran in Charge 
RT : Umno’s outrage over kangkung reflects detachment from reality, say analysts  via @sharethis
RT : My wife, who handles household "procurement" and is a pengundi tegar BN, was incredulous when informed of Tengku Adnan's pric…
RT : Chinese authorities have arrested a guesthouse owner whose heater allegedly sparked a fire that destroyed Shangri La http://t.…
RT : spare the rod so that you don't end up in jail in Sweeden ---&gt; Corporal punishment a dividing subject among netizens ht…
RT : Detachment from reality | TMI

 #Malaysia

    @nonvitalt…
RT : Harga barang dinaikkan orang tengah yang juga penyokong pembangkang untuk burukkan BN. Hmm. Eg. Gula dimonopoli oleh siapa e…
RT : Of statistical 70 major Chinese cities, 65 saw m-on-m rise in new home prices, 64 saw price gains in existing and second-hand h…
RT : Hunt is on for syndicate that used a child in RM5.2mil ring heist 
RT : when in Sweden do as Swedish do ---&gt; M'sian couple in Swedish custody for punishing their child 
RT : A boat with 24 passengers capsized near Kampung Kut, Mukah at 1.50pm and 15 are still missing, while 9 others managed to sw…
RT :  Pada pandangan saya yang marhaen ini, rakyat patut diberi kebebasan mengkritik tuan sebagaimana bebasnya t…
RT : Cardiff manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is confident he has the backing of owner Vincent Tan in the transfer market http://t.co/…
“: Haram ambil untung lebih #SHNasional ” Kenapa pula harga kontrak Kerajaan mahal ?
“: 大馬醫藥協會（MMA）主席拿督達瑪斯蘭表示，普通醫生的標準收費20年來未曾調整，該協會將在本月內將新的標準收費報告呈給衛生部尋求批准。” 医药费要涨价了
RT : 慈善机构Willing Hearts在Facebook 网页上分享香港艺人张柏芝在我国做义工，分派免费食品的视频。

RT : 【观点：没有土地的穷人更难抵抗自然灾害】历次台风海啸的经验告诉我们，自然灾难面前，占有越少的人群失去的越多。没土地的穷人往往是最大的受害者。灾后重建工作，不应忽视地权的分配与保护。
RT : Wise people learn when they can; fools learn when they must  ~0118
“: Kerajaan Serius Tangani Isu Kos Sara Hidup Rakyat, Bukan Hanya Gimik - TPM ” Jangan hangat2 tahi ayam
RT : ": Thai PM Yingluck struggles to stay in power  #Thailand"
RT : Kangkung drama links food to class and politics 
RT : Wife of Indian minister found dead in hotel room after Twitter row  
RT : 一名印裔羅里司機以歡慶大寶森節向僱主借錢，但遭到僱主拒絕，結果懷恨在心的他，糾眾尋仇，持刀械攻擊僱主，導致僱主頭部及手臂被破傷。 
Bagsimana dgn tol pula ? RT : Harga barang dinaikkan untuk burukkan BN - Tengku Adnan 
RT : Apparently, not just any orang tengah. Read on RT : Kenaikan harga berpunca dpd orang tengah: Tengku Adnan http://t…
RT : The idiocy continues. BODOHNYA RT : Harga barang dinaikkan untuk burukkan BN - Tengku Adnan 
RT : 一名26岁的印度尼西亚籍女佣被控谋杀她的女雇主。被告亚蒂涉嫌在星期二在实龙岗北四道的组屋单谋杀77岁的雇主。这起案件将在来临星期五过堂。
RT : Opinion: How China can counter the revival of US manufacturing | 
RT : Hong Kong police to go to Indonesia to interview helper about torture allegations | 
RT : Majestic Lion portrait 
RT : 被“星探”爾納斯發掘的女孩 ~~

立陶宛籍藝術家爾納斯又有新搞作啦！這幅《望海的小女孩》就在Mansion... 
RT : ": Indian minister Shashi Tharoor - whose wife was found dead   "
   u may not notice,all status &amp; classical paintings actually in non-erectile form
 always investing
RT : My MMO column this week on tudung debacle  Defend the teacher's right, but remember freedom of choice go…
RT : Cigarettes more dangerous than ever: US health report 
RT : 英超阿森纳与华为宣布全球合作伙伴关系: 英超足球俱乐部阿森纳与中国电信设施制造商华为宣布签署全球合作伙伴关系协议。双方和合作关系将持续到2015/16赛季结束。 
RT : Kangkung unrelated to cost of living, says former NST boss: Even if the price of kangkung (water spinach) has ... http://t.…
RT : 雪州大臣丹斯里卡立說，關於公正黨署理主席阿茲敏日前在黨內會議中，建議革除其大臣職的建議，他交由人民和黨員去決定其去留。
RT : Tak payah lah salahkan pembangkang tentang faux pas kankung tu. Salahkan internet. Pembangkang tak boleh kawal internet. Ti…
RT : 【镜头：从广岛到福岛，他用生命记录】92岁的福岛菊次郎用镜头记录了广岛原子弹爆炸受害者的惨状和福岛核危机留下的满目疮痍。他一生揭露政府谎言，曾因举办影展控诉天皇的二战罪责而收到死亡威胁。
RT : 薩爾瓦多修女 自稱不知懷孕卻生子: 一名31歲的薩爾瓦多修女，本周在義大利的修道院因肚子痛被趕送到醫院，結果生下一個男嬰。她宣稱根本不...  （UDN）
RT : 巴西耶穌像遭雷擊 斷指: 眺望巴西里約熱內盧的著名耶穌像，16日晚上在暴雷雨中被閃電擊中，右手姆指的指尖斷掉，必須進行修理。...  （UDN）
RT : 揭丈夫緋聞後 印度部長之妻猝逝: 印度一個顯赫部長的妻子15日揭發丈夫與巴基斯坦一名女記者有染，18日卻被發現陳屍新德里一座五星級旅...  （UDN）
RT : South Korea confirms bird flu, expands culling | 
“:  Dengan full entourage sekali? Cuba pigi sendiri.” LOL
RT : Don't tell me i've changed when in reality i've just stopped living life your way.
RT : ":   @nonvitaltooth This nation can do much better without "Ali Baba and his thieves"." U tak…
RT : ": Rohingyas not a topic for ASEAN: Myanmar | SBS News  ASEAN members must object @Sukhumbh…
“: TPM turun padang. Tinjau harga di Pasaraya NSK, Selayang. ” double check tinjauan  ?
RT : ":  Gov controlled ISP Telekom Msia is now blocking the link to the kangkung article..try generate…
RT : The kangkung block: Denial seems to be the best defence  via @sharethis
RT :    what a #kangkung
RT :   @nonvitaltooth This nation can do much better without "Ali Baba and his thieves".
RT : Kangkung now hot topic | TMI

 #Malaysia

   @choiom @geanalyst @ku…
RT :     Not only Terrance Netto lah! Even retired housewives are stocking up on Kangkung
RT : ": Najib’s Kangkung remarks unleashed a torrent of derision by Terrance Netto  @nonvitaltooth (cont) http://…
RT : PR leaders tell PKR to hide disputes | MMO

 #Malaysia

 @choiom @geanalyst  @jolum50…
RT : No cheer for Borneo folks | 

 #Malaysia

    @nonvitalto…
RT : 习近平瞄上周永康的“大老板”: （大纪元记者李平综合报导）随着中共610头子李东生落马，近日，海外内外都疯传周永康遭到抓捕，此后中共“首富”陈光标为了江泽民集团在纽约的表演完全失败。2天前，江泽民家族的“私人企业”－－－... http://t.c…
RT : These photos were taken at the perfect time! #3 is so funny 
RT : From poor hawkers also want to squeeze money...their money machine ideas knows no bounds. 
RT : PAS lawmaker warns Catholic priests against being used by Umno in Allah row: Umno leaders are pushing the Alla... http://…
RT : PM YAB Najib kata beliau &amp; TPM YAB Muhyiddin memantau dengan rapi harga barang-barang di  Malaysia. Semoga kita nampak kesan …
RT : 科学家首次用卫星绘制中国空气污染图: 欧洲科学家用欧洲气象卫星上的红外线探测器绘制了华北平原上空的污染粒子流动图。 
RT : BMW head Willisch on the forthcoming i8 supercar: "This is our sustainability story"  #NAIAS http://t.co/…
RT : 【历史上的今天：1月18日】

1862年，美国第10任总统约翰泰勒逝世；
1871年，德意志帝国成立；
1896年，X光机第一次展出；
1915年，日本向中国提出“21条要求”；
2005年，韩国汉城市议会把其市的中文名称定为首尔；
2005…
RT : Pemimpin PAS beri amaran paderi agar tidak diperguna Umno: Pemimpin Umno sedang menggunakan isu Allah untuk me... http://t.…
RT : Here's A Shocking Truth If You Think You've Wasted Your Life 
RT : Brown rice may reduce learning and memory deficits caused by beta-amyloid protein 
RT : Najib and his Big Spending Ministers lack Empathy by Jeswan Kaur  @nonvitaltooth @lowelsielow54 (cont) http://t.co/Ugut9M…
RT : Najib’s Kangkung remarks unleashed a torrent of derision by Terrance Netto  @nonvitaltooth (cont) 
 better stability &amp; adequate power as family car
RT :      Selfish is one thing. Can we condone such act
RT :      disgusting
RT :      Now he wants poditions in d govt. Can we count on his crefibili…
RT :     The election was stolen by  n Mca members will suffer under his …
RT :      all parties r selfish ... to what extend matter ... MCA getting…
RT :      strategy of stealing elections through agreements n lies will b…
RT :      Very unbecoming of a leader
RT :     @nonvitaltooth  stole an election right before your very eyes will do anything…
Apple CEO Tells China Mobile Customers ‘Great Things’ Coming 
Deutsche Bank Withdraws From Gold Fixing in Commodities Cuts 
Cocoa Falls After North American Processing Data; Coffee Drops 
Top-Tier Platinum Producers Face Wage Strike in S. Africa 
Vietnamese Coffee Premium Declines as Local Sales Hitting Peak 
Copper Gains as Rebounding Economies May Spur Demand 
Miners Chopping $10 Billion Search Bodes Next Price Boom 
被爆同奥朗德有染女演员 起诉法国杂志 
245名中国籍联合国维和士兵抵达马里 
联合国谴责梵蒂冈 掩盖性虐儿童事实 
澳军舰闯入印领海 澳向印道歉 
日驻印大使撰文：参拜靖国无关安全政策 求理解 
阿富汗塔利班：有信心胜北约军队  
日文科省要修改教科书时 尊重日政府见解 
美参众两院通过慰安妇法案 送交奥巴马签署 
日本地方议员赴美抗议加州建慰安妇像 
德国官员称监控事件令德美关系恶化 
美国关注维吾尔学者在北京被扣查 
乐天“偷吃”煤气被控  
国际特赦组织：尼日利亚捕疑是同性恋者 
李登辉重申钓岛属日本 
陈方安生批评梁政府用人唯亲 
绿智库民调：蔡英文领先苏贞昌 
