不想拥有，只能怀念。
 .______. This is so lameee la JACK NG hahahaha! Thanks la although I'm much more prettier and you are uglier xD
 still dare to sayyyy! Thanksss la. :) now you want listen also no chance liao la haha.
 thanks hongyeh! :P
 thankyou so much! :)
 Thankyou yinsuen! :PP
 thanksss cutie! :P
 woahhh 10years sounds really longgggg haha! Thankyou la shafei xD 蚝煎 only available on my birthday! And now it's overrrrr! :P
肚子饿了，是不是病好了 haha
 sureee! Same to you! :D
 omgg if like you I'll slower than tortoise le :o Thankyou la hehe!
 Thankyou :)
 Thankyou Pauline! :D
 THANKYOU WOEI XIANGGG!! :DDD
 ohhhh yuanlai haha. Thanks again la kermei! :)
 still my bday gok la not belated xD what siaolang walau
 thanksss la hehe. You tag me and tag you de tweet?
 yerrrrrrr so paitia laaaa walau hahaha! Just for today!!! Thankyou la shafei! :DD
 today is the real Mrs. Obama bday too? Anyway Thankyou hehe! :DD
 haha we wish lai wish ki. Thanks la lengzai! :D
 hehehe you block diao all phone calls le la TT but I still love you la. XDD
 thankyou Rachel! :D
 Thanks lengzai!! :D
 Hehehheeee aww so many tweet! :P Thankyou laaa will help you find la. :) Love you too :*
  yaloooo me and yanhan will acc you till you find ur prince de hehehe xDD
 hehee okayyy la. :)
 got me accompany you :P you're not alone xD
 HAPPY birthday hongyeh! My primary friend haha. :D
 you seems happy lo still haha -.-
 lol what chance -.-
All I can say is sorry. :(
 yerrrrrrr TT
Sent. End.
Craving for subway, burger, Italian food, Japanese food, desserts like tongpakfu and brownpocket :((((
Holiday isn't a holiday for me. :( everyday sleep in the house and do nothing TT
 welcome yongkang! :)
 welcome lengzai!
 movieeee la haha
Love you you, stay with me. :)
游乐乐 夏米 &lt;3
Talk to you I feel so comfortable. :)
 yeahhhh dunno why ahma very shunkou hahahaa! :p 
  HELLO TWINNIE! HAPPY BIRTHDAYYYY! :D
 yeahh
 yeahhhhh dunno why liao keep on calling yiu ahma until nowwwwww hahaa 
The lyrics of Chinese songs are so emo
RT : 没有地球，太阳还是会绕。没有理由，我也能自己走。
 ps 男！
 hahahaha ur mom so cuteeeeeeee!
  yeahhh juuyenn I still remember! My very first new friend in HE! :P and me and meyer is super old de friends liao haha
RT : 我们不停地翻弄着回忆，却再也找不回那时的自己。
RT : "从陌生到熟悉 一点一滴地累积我们的感情 我的快乐除了你 任何人都没法给予 你总是那么仗义 对我充满耐性 把我爱进骨子里 再累也陪我聊天 再忙也抽出时间陪我玩 感谢生命中里有你一直对我不离不弃 这辈子最开心的事就是和你做朋友 我这不是矫情 是感谢你…
 ohhhhh I retweet his tweet then think of this de haha!
 really? I dunno de lehh haha. Our heart got rhino again hehe
那是我们都回不去的从前。
RT : 我總是懷念。
把握每一个现在，因为未来它们都会成为回不去的回忆。
 okok thankyou Celine! &lt;3
  thanks la ahfoo :)
 Nopee still fever .__.
RT : Just like I want my form3 life back when I'm in form4.
RT : I know I'll miss form5 life when I'm working but I just HATE it right now haha
I have no idea ": Anyone at here has idea what they wanna study.after we graduate?"
 thankyou! :D
 Thanks Xianming!
So borinnnnngggggg! Everyone still in school .__.
Recover faster pleaseeee!!! I wanna celebrate my birthday TT
 sick la walauu
Feels like I'm on fireee just now in rumah sukan haha
Woke up from 4hrs sleeepppppp :o
Lunch ttn ttn dinner ttn. Proooo lehhh -.-
 hahaha so true agreeeee!!!
RT : “: 在一切还来得及之前，让你生命中那些重要的人都知道他们有多重要。”
 yeahhh hahaa so energetic! :D
Good morningggg! :D
We discussed everything and every details! But still failed :( kinda funnny lol!
Hahaha me and jiajia de plan sure fail de everytime.
Sleeep liaooooo horrr?
 hiak hiak hiak go train la kinfa qidai how's the combination of ur six packs with earth :PPP
RT : Don't put your happiness in the hands of someone else, because in the end, you're the one who decides if you are happy or n…
RT : I love people I can be crazy with.
 sports or without sports also sama sama got bak eu de laa haha
 this call wusim. Still think of so unique de style to describe you. :DD 这是间接称赞！
今天是有着张孝全上半部的人的生日HAHAHAHA! 
 Hehehehe you must sing la of course.  Still must 加强版de gokkkkk haha :ppp
 不用咯！我旁边的唱给我听就好了 xDD
 won't pontengggggg la. I have 3ttn tmrrrrr :o
 可以有些勇气吗你？？ 至少先和好嘛！hami forever alone laaa, I acc you. Ehhh I got jokes wanna tell you hahahaha!!!! Very funnyyyyy de!!!!
 MAHDE !!!! CHOU YONGXIU!!!!
RT : ": 小时候，都希望快点长大。当长大后才发现，小时候其实是最幸福的。"
RT : 在一切还来得及之前，让你生命中那些重要的人都知道他们有多重要。
 幸好你没掉下我设的圈套haha! 你又知道？？？ 那么证明你有兴趣咯！:PP
 养眼好吗，什么侮辱! 感觉上好像是hahha. 他不是，难道你是吗？hahahaa!!
   hahaha Cantonese to English!
 abo leh, tmr show u my sexy lips in ttn ! Aiyaaa wo wu neng Wei li hao mahh? .__. 你要加把劲啊！这种好男人不多了！
抬起头 睁开眼 星星堆满天 :)
  HAHHAHAA 说得太好了！！！
 aiya sakura lips not nice de la. Like me thick thick only sexy mah. wo hou hangfok ah :P how bout him lehhhhh 'he' ah him xDD
 alamakkkkk my face red red liao la. Got ur sausage mouth de shape haha. You put lipstick horrr ahduii!
 Awwwwww :ppp I remembered liao laa haha. Everyday will go to see my calendar to memorise de. Wusimmm lehhh haha xDD
 I know how to control mah hahah xDD
 you! :p
 haha this one abit harddd. I always do so haha xDD
 hehehe remember la xD *see my calendar* 22 september! :D
 haha yeahhh agreeeee too! :)))
 hahaha
 I know it long long ago xD duwan tell you nia haha
  ttn starts at 530 laaa :P
 Errrr abit la hahaha paisehhh paisehhh xD
  okok shhhhhh shhhhhhh hahaha xDD 美好的回忆hehe xD
 你好好o :PP
 hehehe sounds so funnnn! But my bday on Saturday laaa xDD
 hahaha cuz everytime my house super slowww de mah haha!
 okieee haha! With who? :DD
  hoiiiii don't say out la. Ni zhidao wo zhidao jiu hao haha :p
 TT miss you all so muchhhhhh laaa TT :(
 好的 好的 hehehe :PP
 okaylo I am lo. No difference hahaha xD
 jiayou jiayou! You can cope de! :D
 Hehehehe okieee :P waiting for your call ! :)
 Woahhh you go back again? :D
 my bday on Saturday :(
突然好怀念celine在班上唱“yonghwa yonghwa yonghwa saranghaeyo"的那种气氛。:)
 yeahhhla 哭包！之前吓到我hahaha! :P 恢复了就好 :)
以后也不会有机会了 :)
今年没有机会听到班上的同学们唱生日歌给我听。
NP 全世界都以为我们在一起
Today's internet so fastttt! Gonna download many many songggggs yay!
It's holiday tomorrow! Anyone wanna jio me out? :/
Company of music :)
闭门沉思 闭目养神 hahaha
NP Winter in my heart
RT : ": RT 聪明的姑娘一般都会更胖一些 因为最新的科学研究证明 女性是用脂肪组织来储存智商的 脂肪层越厚 智商就越高 请相信这是真理" AGREEEE!
 你怎么这么爱哭啊？:P cry loud loud and shout loud loudddd! Then it's overrr! :DDD
RT : “: 爱是我们心中共同的语言。只要心中有爱，心存梦想。我们的世界会变得更美好。”
一个人 一辈子  一次幸福难不难。
 no lo I'm not ! :P
 hahahaha can can xD
 lol teacher said can draw max 4 graph in a pageeeee la
RT : When I was a kid, there were no fake friends, tiring school work, worries, insecurities, everything was free and fun.
RT : Friendship means understanding, not agreement. It means forgiveness, not forgetting. It means the memories last, even i…
I want go out too laa nande got holidayyyy!
 Walauuu still tweet so muchhhhhh lol
Sien niaaaa keep on ttttttnnnnn
Ahhhh i just remember I have ttn at 530 till 10 at night -,-
Hehehe quite wusim la ahha
RT : 你想的越多，顾虑就越多；什么都不想的时候反而能一往直前。你害怕的越多，困难就越多；什么都不怕的时候一切反而没那么难。别害怕别顾虑，想到就去做。这世界就是这样，当你把不敢去实现梦想的时候梦想会离你越来越远，当你勇敢地去追梦的时候，全世界都会来帮你。
Suan le bosimmmm!!!!
Ahhhh shit forgt to buy graph bookkkkkkkk!!!!
How to spend my Tuesday tomorrow? :P
  Wanna shoot you but give you shoot backkkkkk =,=
 alamakkkk is 想你的夜hahahah!
 不然像你只会一首'天天想你' 的能做bosssssss吗？
Prom prom prommmm haha
 不然像你啊？
  yeahhhh undang didn't pass cannot learn car haha
哼着歌 :p
RT : 我很喜欢无缘无故去作弄人 HAHAHA ✌️
Awwwwww! ": Frozen "
  not hard actually. i didn't really studyyyyyyyy &gt;&lt;
 HAHAHAHAA! So ngammmm lol! Ehh go test again togetherrrr la. :P
 nolaa over 50 hahaha! XDDD
 39/5000000!
RT : 我们缺乏安全感，缺乏自信心，所以我们假装快乐，假装合群，假装大笑，只是为了迎合别人。其实在心底，我们比谁都寂寞，孤单。
Lunch with wanjia at Kopitan!
RT : ": Never set your favourite song as the alarm tone cause you'll end up hating it."
 okayyy thankyou!!
RT : Why doesnt Heng Ee have prom? It'd be fun haha
 yeahhhhh TT needa test againnnnn
Woke up early and waited for few hourssss. And result is FAIL! TT
 yeahhhhhhh TT
Arghhhh GAGALLLLLLLLLLLL!
  Hahhaaa duwan laaa. Later my sis becum ohlang haha.
 bao ni de tou!
  awwwwww :P
 bu ran lehhhhh. Ni zou kai!
 suan le. Ni bu yao gen wo shuo hua!
  hahahaa kidding niaaa laaa xDD who call you're so interested in my sis haha!
 her feiwen bf is you?  
   my sis confess to *Hanson* !!
  OMG SO REALLY IS MY SIS AH?! IT'S HER BUT YOU NOT DARE TO SAY IS HER CUZ YOU SCARE SITUATION WILL MORE COMPLICATED?!
 bushila bushiwo lai.
  Wahhhhh my sissssterrrr confess to you ah OMG OMGGGG!
 okayyyylo ummm 赏识 :PP
 nigaosulewo :P
A perfect night for outing
Aloneee in da house
 not仰慕la. Is like errr dunno how to describe .__. 欣赏maybe haha
RT : Someone please bring me out
微笑  快乐的符号 :)
 hahaha yeah shhh shhhhh xDD
I love subwayyyy!
 Yerrrrr all go Subwayyyyyyy!
回想起来，从form2就开始仰慕他，觉得他很厉害了hahahaa
Awww he inbox me! But just addoil and thankyou .__.
 aikss who ah hehehe
  I want subwayyyy la. Ehh you all duwan buy for me then give me the coupon la hehe xD
  I want subwayyyyyyy !!! Dabao for me next timeeee!
Woah我是冠军！hahaha【谁是气质美女】冠军（摩羯：朴素，不喜招摇，重视保养，因此路遥知马力)亚军（天蝎：好看的在于气质和眼神,让人喜欢跟她亲近)季军（金牛：越看越美,散发沉静美感非常吸引人）第四名(水瓶：平时尽量低调，适时一语惊人，识大体懂进退）
