明天火锅和外公你外婆舅舅阿姨一家人吃 ;))
sakit hati betul !!! cakap tidak menepati janji~ !!!
second day of Chinese New Year 
first day of Chinese New Year 
esok check gigi, then ikat gigi !! pasang brawser .. !! #sakitnye
got people say i m so Lucky, because got an orginal colour hair and curly straight hair ... thx to my Tuhan ! some people jealous ...!!
tomorrow start school already ..!! but i m not going, because got an appointment ..
my aunt say my face look like a doll ..
hehehe, because we are Young .. hahaha ;))
wanna wait for bro or sleeping ....
esk bgn pagi2 gi melaka ... 
ptg blik jap, then turun blik melaka ..!! #tire
time time nie la nk demam ..!! aduhai !! #sakittekak #selesema
my head so pain ..!
today is first of February 2014, that means the second days of Chinese New Year ... ;) Happy Chinese New Year
tarian singa will come there temple
等下游舞师来  huat
这一切为你好, 是因为我不想你后悔 !!! sye buat sedemikian adalah kebaikan u, sbb i x nk u MeNyEsAl ok !!!!
i do like that, that good for you ... but u didn't listen to me !!!!! then u HuRt ..!!!
HAPPY CHINESE NEW YEAR to all my frenz .. 新年快乐,身体健康,心想事成
preparetion cooking for tmr breakfast, lunch &amp; dinner ..
RT : If you love someone, you'd better tell them.
tidak mencukupi selimut ..
malam yang sejuk, apabila meniup penghawa dingin nie ...!! #sejuk sesangat !!!
later balik kampung for help grandmother ... then tomorrow evening come back there ..!
later gt pink colour dress &amp; white blue dress .. i hv 4 colth &amp; 1 short pan for tis year of Chinese New Year ..
thx dad &amp; mum
yesterday go fs buy my cloth for Chinese New Year, red colour dress, oren colour cloth with white colour short pans ...
1 more day, that is a important day to our chinese people .
take a bath, dinner ...!
want do 2 essay !!! #chinese &amp; #english ..!!! not yet do, dun have some idea d, but i will try my best ... -,-
RT : Come here, I miss you.
waktu tgh mkn, mkn skit je . maknye nk balik, then tnye nape mkn skit, i jwb kt sklh dh mkn . senyum je ;)) hehehe
sye tgh tuang air utk ayh &amp; adk . maknye tnye cuti smpi bile, then ayh jwb hri selasa bka sklh, i sme jwb ! (terlupa air,then tumpah skit)!
jumpa mak ayahnya tadi masa perkahwinan anak cikgu ...
#offtweet
gud 9 &amp; sweet dream guys .. &lt;3
tImE tO sLeEp .. by
RT : I still think about you every day.
its make me confused ...!!!! #damn
that is not real, just salah tekan . then x dpt nk delete tat status . but in my profile is empty ...
why it will be like that ??! i m not understand d, but i m sure i want to delete it ....
hanya boleh bersabar dengan komputer yang lag sesangat nie !!!!
geram betul i apabila menggunakan komputer on9 untuk sesuatu ...!!! tetiba je lag, tak gerak langsung !!!!
RT : 在心的深处，都在留恋某一个人。
perut dah mula berbunyi gi mkn dulu
tdk kira mcm mne dgn pandangan org lain, tpi i x kesah sbb i syg u ...!!
不管别人怎么看 !!! 我还是手不放开, 因为我爱你 &lt;3
刚3点已吃过了,现在肚子那么快就饿了 !!!! 活该, 变肥 !!!!!  我不要啊 !!!!!!!!
hey guys, rindu betul i kat u all ... lme dh x jmpe ..!! hehehe
esok tak ada latihan rumah sukan  so tak payah bawa baju sukan . Harap Maklum ! (beritahu kpd rakan2 yg tak tahu)
always reset my password !!!!! #damn !!!!!
1 hari duit belanja RM6, makan tak tentu ...! #BarangDahMahal berJiMaTlAh dArIpAdA sEkArAnG, SeBeLuM AnDa tErLaMbAt ..
still tak boleh makan makanan yg pedas !!! perut tidak terima lagi, disebabkan demam hari tu !!!
abg balik je, terus buli sye ..!!
adik demam, sye jaga . sye demam, mak jaga ...!
sekarang i pula yang pening &amp; perut tak selesa ... #damn !!!!
susah betul menjaga adik yang DeMaM nie la ...!!
RT : Real Love - 
真的好想去funfair咧！很久没去玩了~ 18 号在 melaka raya..
18/1/2014(saturday) at melaka raya got funfair.. !
adik demam tak baik lagi .. !
off tweet xD
RT : 能伤到我的，都是我最在乎的。
go out again
RT : You are everything I want.
RT : 你有自己的本事就不需要靠人，如果你没本事还要嚣张的话真的他妈的一个字，靠！
buat BaIk diBaLas bAiK, buat JaHaT dibALaS jAhAt ....!!!
sye cume boleh MeNeRiMa kenyataan ... tidak kira BeTuL / SaLaH ..!!!
i TaK kEsAH u wat pew ckali pun, aKaN diBaLas olEh tUhAN ...
tak sangka ko KeJaM !!!!!
adik demam &amp; muntah ....!!
RT : 很多人都说：你的好就像一颗糖吃了人家就忘了 你的坏就像一道疤永远都会在那里
abg belanje mkn Nasi Lemak Nyonya at Tengkera Melaka . it too nice &gt;&lt;
back from melaka feel so tire !!
later wan go melaka find my bro
take a bath
long time not play badminton, then now my hand it too painful ...
setiap kali wat keputusan adalah sAlAh, tidak pernah yang betul  !!!
terima kasih ckgu intan belanja makan &amp; minum kita ... thx a lot @_@
home sweet home
RT : 不要总是把脆弱的一面展现给别人看。
malam yg sejuk nie la, asyik kene nYaMuK gIgIt ....! dh la tdi hujan ...
kte demam tpi suruh wat burger plak !! adik adik, ntah betul ke tidak ... mmg x leh la
i m not that u think that person !!
long time not drawing, forget how to do it !!
一直忘了给你那封信 ! 因为看到你, 我就觉得恨尴尬, 感动, 害羞 ! 但我会尽量拿给你哦…
just now when finish moral perade, he walk wif me ... hmmm -,-
i knw about him love u so much, btw u cant do like !! after u love him, ur atitude it too CHANGE !!!! i m so sad wif u !!!!!
why u want do like that ???!
it too non respect for mum &amp; dad !!! sad case, n u didnt listen to me !!!
ibu bapa melarangkan anaknya utuk berkapel, bersama dgn lelaki &amp; others.. ttp de jgk yg wat gitu !!!!
明明没有错什么鬼心事, 只是吓倒罢了啊 ! !
nothing to do, just listening song
 thx follow me
RT : 看起来幸福的人，心里也许有难言的苦。炫耀生活的人，可能远没表面那么风光。
RT : I love the way you love me.
RT : [FQ/Popu LadyFB] 謝謝師兄們幫我們慶生️️蛋糕好好吃！附上他們偷自拍的照片～哈哈！Thank you to our Seniors for celebrating our birthday! Their SelcaxD h…
RT : 累的时候抱抱自己，哭的时候哄哄自己，身边不可能无时无刻有一个人陪着你宠着你，要学会自己疼自己。
take a bath &amp; eat my dinner ...
when gt a new study come in my class, then he gt many fans ... coz he handsome ...? hahaha
so sleepy ...!!
hope tmr can gv u tat letter .
cant sleep ...! but not feel sleepy
RT : 我以为，真心对人，也可以换来别人真心对待。拼了命的不让身边的人难过，却发现，受伤的原来是我自己。
RT : English = Hello.     

Spanish = Hola.

French = Bonjour.

Japanese = Konnichiwa.

Chinese = Nî Hâo.

Italian = Ciao.

…
did want change or not ??! but i dunno, dun hv idea !!! #damn
always go school, want write date then write wrong year ...! tis year 2014, not 2013 ... hmmm
tomorrow is monday again !!! haizz, so bored day ....!!!
home sweet home
RT : Haha . Sorry gan . I tak cakap lelaki cina :p I ckp lelaki beragama Islam . Hihi 
RT : 每一次“我不在乎”背后都有一点点在乎， 每一次“我没事”背后都还是有那么一点伤痛。
later want go out ..
wanna sleep
RT : Show her you love her when you have her, not when she's already found someone else better because you treated her wrong..
later go eat dinner
 handsome la wani . kebykan org cine -,- hehehe
tweet off
want go pray
congraztulation to you now to be a mum ..
membalut buku teks ...
please dun ask me y .. coz i dunno how to answer u ...!!
RT : 告诉自己要冷静,不能再妄想了,凡事都得向前看,不能一直向后退。
OMG, its too SaMe just gt same meaning in one WoRd .. hmmm
soooo coollll ...!!
cant sick on this year . be strong !!
everybody wan take care, drink more water &amp; more rest ...
i m so miss my last year junior ..! hmmm, miss all of you . hehehe
RT : 好想去一场不必自己规划的约会。一切都由对方做主～
got a god new, congraztulation Lee Seung Gi was couple with Yoona (girl generation), they couple was 4 months alr ..
我要你快乐
我得双手好痛啊 ! 是因为睡觉睡不好, 不懂怎样睡的我 !!!
#pain !!
RT : Sometimes you miss the memories, not the person.
i akan tulis surat untuk u ...
RT : I can't stop smiling when I'm around you.
RT : Be yourself, Live your dreams, Go after what you want. There are only so many chances. If you want it, go get it!
RT : As soon as your ex sees you smiling, that's the minute they want you back.
feel hungry, but lazy wan to eat . if nw eat, then at mid night also feel hungry !!!! Oh No, like that me become a FaT gIrL, buT duN liKe !!
the first friday on 2014 ..
RT : 为了爱，我也曾改变过自己，试图想要变成你喜欢的那个样子，尽管如此还是没有在一起。最后我明白，两个人之间没有感觉是到不了一起的，什么性格不合什么爱好不一致都是借口，即使我已经变成了你想要的样子，不喜欢就是不喜欢。
我想说心里话
RT : Relationships where you can just chill at each other's house, make each other laugh, cuddle, take pics, &amp; tell each ot…
RT : "if you really love me, then stop hurting me."
i wont sleep yet, but call them sleep 1sf . hehehe :p
adik x pndi speaking, then wat lawak plak !! hmmm, god . but want learn it ..!
hari pertama di sklh adalah nasib malang ku !!!!
RT : Love can cure heartbreaks, misfortune, or tragedy. It is the eternal companion [BOT]
RT : I wish we could be together.
it too painful !!! OMG
first day go to school, at tapak perhimpunan gt ppl broke the glas ! then, when want go back wait for dad, recently gt a bee bite my hand !
RT : back to school.. hahaha .. good luck kids
RT : When you smile, I smile. ❤️
RT : ": 有时候明明知道答案，却还是偏要问出那个为什么。"
RT : 爱一个人和欣赏一个人有什么分别，什么不一样？？ — 爱一个人是连那个人的缺点都喜欢上，看到那个人的时候，心会噗咚噗咚的跳；欣赏一个人呢就是，就只是单纯的欣赏，看到那个人的优点罢了 :) 
waiting bro take a lesen !!!
everytime abg blik dri keje cuti je, sye jgk yg kene buli .!! hmmm, hehehe
eating now, later go out
Happy New Year guys ..! 新的一年里, 新的开始, 新的希望 ! 祝大家新年快乐 ! 一切事事顺利,心想事成,身体健康, 学业进步 -,-
gosok baju sekolh
nothing to do, just play sms use paper &amp; write !!! hehehe, funny ..!
bad mood now :/
feel hungry !!
我会永远永远永远等着你的… 无论有多久, 我都愿意等你 ! 等你离开那个很恶的女人 !!!! #从新生活
哥, 你要记得 ! 在等着你的妹, 在想你的妹 ! 你身边的妹好想念你哦… 希望你能快点回来哦 ! &lt;3
有时真的很羡慕身旁的朋友 。 。好甜蜜的情侣, 我却没有 ! #坚强
RT : Can’t let you go, even if I die [BOT]
RT : 我放不下前男友，因为之前在一起时是我朋友劝我和他分手，说我们并不适合，当初我心软耳软，就真的和他分手，我懂... — 那你不如追回他？至少让他知道自己还爱他。你看，以前你就是听朋友的话，不听自己内心的想法，分手了，也后悔了。... http:…
RT : I'm the type of person who tries to fall back asleep in the morning, just to finish a dream.
can i go countdown tomorrow ...
15 minutes more   
waiting for it ....
just wake up ...
off tweet
feel so sleepy, wanna go sleep already...!
RT : My feelings for you will never change.
RT : I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. But that's only because I love you so much and I don't wanna lose…
RT : Never fear the future and don't regret the past.
2 hours more  
the new drama...
RT : 分手超过半年了... 我还很爱他 — 既然还爱着他，为何分手呢？还爱着他的话，就告诉他吧 :) 
RT : 最讨厌那些有了女朋友,在外面还要找女人的男人!! 这根本就是我们男人的耻辱!
2 days more .. finally go back to school ..! #SPM
the second last of 2013 !!
go out
so cool ..!!
take a bath, later going melaka
abang &amp; adik cat umah . sye lipat kertas sembahyang...!
listening Chinese New Year song . #1monthtogo
RT : 电影【同学会】拍摄已接近完成了一半 ! 继续加油呀 ^_^
later at night bring bro back to melaka for work &amp; enjoy my last holiday at there ...
today is the last sunday of 2013 . hmmm, 3 days to go wanna go back to school again ..!
go out
tmr 9 go melaka for cousin wedding
home sweet home
RT : 快乐不是因为拥有的多，而是因为计较的少。
tadi nampak dia kat KFC !!!
later go wedding party ...!
juice oren &amp; kueh teow sup . yummy yummy, delicious !
jahat betul Fisya tu mereka cerita !!!

RT : 全世界都知道你已离开了我,但我还是不愿相信,现在可好了,伤心的是自己。
kesian bro tido x selesa &amp; x biase ..! :/ sad case ! keje teruk plak tu, haiz nvm . bertahan &amp; be stsong ! #parttimework
my bro tak da kat rumah so sunyi ! he go work .
watching despicable me on TV3 now
home sweet home
go out
好的情人 对不起好情人 错过了好的剧本
 can you gv a link for watching yesterday episode &amp; today episode ? thx so much
after eat &amp; take a bath, then go out . hope can enjoy my Chrismas day with family !
