老圓山飯店跟現在差好大！那個水上餐廳我好想去啊... 
Wow~難以想像當年的台北有大片農田，還有牛車與黃包車滿街跑！ 
換個角度，希望大家週末都能有美麗好心情～ 
居然連動新聞都上榜了！Wish we have #1 and #8 here in the Bay Area. 
Taiwan and China are both on this list but US... 
Have you seen the beautiful fireworks at Taipei 101? Happy new year to all my FB friends! May all your wishes for... 
Happy New Year to all my FB friends! May all your wishes for 2014 come true!! 
Sharing the X'mas spirit~ 
We joyfully welcomed our newborn baby girl Avery on Wednesday, Nov 20! She was 36 weeks, but considered full... 
Ohhhhhh, the cutest thing ever!!!! 
So cute! 
此等化妝技術真是太高超了！ 
I wonder who's gonna end up paying for the damage... 
This is cute!! 
What a beautiful family. Baby的衣服好蕾絲，好華麗喔！ 
For the foodies... 
iPad Air vs. new iPad mini... which one should I get?!! 
Amazing photography! 
I don't understand the logic behind this product... I wouldn't feed this (even though non-alcoholic) to my cats. 
No offense, but dumping money to build a ghost city is just so wrong. What happened to the planning? Or was there... 
Really?! A fake Paris in China?! 
I miss my Neon... 
就叫「圓仔」！4.5萬多票壓倒性勝出　10/26頒身分證 
臉書上常看到台灣朋友說，假日旅遊挑景點要避開陸客人潮，現在是阿里山、日月潭重新爭取台灣"自己人"觀光客的時候了！ 
Who wears these? I only see older ladies with imperfect body shapes in the pictures... This could be a way to... 
The hottest song on the web! What does the fox say? 
中國藝術家曾梵志"最後晚餐"拍賣創天價--$2330萬美元 
就笑一笑吧~ 
You will have to pay more to eat this healthier version of fries~ 
Plastic surgery is very common and widely accepted in Asia now. I think Julie Chen is brave to reveal her... 
Think twice before you share anything online. Social media is a double edge sword, and some people might have to... 
Super Cute！ 
我還真不知道原來英國皇室成員一般都是只有名，沒有姓的！ 
OMG! This stingray is humongous!! 

'We're trying to keep her alive': 911 calls reveal drama of Asiana 214 crash 
Very interesting music video. But I can't eat century egg by itself, it has to go with porridge or tofu and soy... 
Fantasy vs. Reality...
The Barbie with average woman's body is not bad looking, but I probably won't pay for it... 
"人，一輩子能做好一件事，就功德圓滿了。" 
Really? 
A historical ruling. Prop 8 overturned by the Supreme Court. 
A historical ruling. Prop 8 overturned by the Supreme Court. 
先是小吃，再來是甜品，都是我愛吃的東西... 台灣的食品安全問題真令人憂心 
好一個答案... 
Hackschooling, a very different style of learning. 
實在是很可愛~ 
選擇切除自己的雙乳是多麼不容易的決定啊！身體健康才是最大的財富。 
這個案件實在令人髮指！ 
新的百元鈔票即將發行，防偽效果升級。(我倒是很少會用到百元大鈔...) 
馬祖的藍眼淚，真美！http://tw.news.yahoo.com/%E7%B5%95%E7%BE%8E-%E8%97%8D%E7%9C%BC%E6%B7%9A-%E7%8F%BE%E8%BA%AB%E9%A6%AC%E7%A... 
The 2nd bombing suspect is finally in police custody!
One dead, one on the run. Been watching CNN live coverage in Taiwan, hope the police capture the younger brother... 
I got tears in my eyes when I read the very last one... 

請大家傳出去！希望兇手早日繩之於法！ 
Please watch this amazing video... 
Hello from Taiwan! I am back in my home town Taipei visiting my family. It's great to be home! 回到家鄉台灣已經一個月了，難得回娘家當女兒、當妹妹、當姑姑 :)
I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "Life" 
Can't get over how cute Nami looks in the basket! Isn't she adorable! 
So gracious. 
As many of you already know, I am no longer working at KTSF. 
I've created a video looking back on the past 15... 
奧巴馬剛剛完成第二次總統任期宣誓 
Wow, Obama真的蒼老好多... No man can escape time, and as time goes, people get older and maybe wiser :D 
I like the color, not the price, ha! 
昨晚的金球獎跌破眼鏡，沒有入圍奧斯卡的電影Argo竟然抱走最佳影片與導演獎！
2011年歐洲旅行，在義大利羅馬第二天的相本。 
李安真棒！ 
Check out my cat and her new ride! Have a laugh, and a great weekend everyone!! 
灣區本地的觀眾有眼福了~ 

Love, power, and success~ 這頁裡應該都是好字吧！你找到哪三個字呢？ Find three words in this page, they'll be your good luck for this... 
又是一個"黃道吉日"~ 
Expected... 
Beautiful firework in Dubai! I'm still in the new year spirit! 
Beautiful~ 
2013台北101新年煙火秀，把大樓妝點得像聖誕樹~ 
Happy New Year 2013!!! 
In the mood for some snow... 
Wish everyone a warm and peaceful Christmas~ 
今天的雨真的很大！Flash flood warnings for San Mateo, and Santa Cruz counties. 
What a fascinating person, and a great role model! 
Departing Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Leaves Behind a Legacy of Firsts 
May everyone have a wonderful Christmas holidays!! 
Here is a peek of what's going on with American politics on the end of the world day. 
2012 You Tube人氣藝人與素人大集合！今年最夯的真的非"江南Style"莫屬~ 
今天冬至，而且還是芥末日，準備來吃湯圓和芥末。大家別忘了保暖喔！ 
Very creative! 
南韓出現首位女總統 
CNN Poll: Bare majority now support major gun restrictions 
奧巴馬總統二度獲選時代雜誌年度封面人物 
Who could get to do this with Tom Cruise if not Jimmy Fallon! So much fun!! 
How do I prepare for this now... 
One week to Christmas. Decorated my little Christmas tree this morning and broke one glass ornament... Hope the... 

This is so sad and scary... 槍手在小學殺害26人，死者包括18名兒童。 
我的貓Nami也是在聖誕節前領養的，the best Christmas gift ever! 
Great news for the users! 

Unconditional love~ 
One more reason for me not to drive to SF... 
Power outage since 8:30 this morning... PGE has no estimate time on when the power would be restored. Maybe I... 
兩人吃的是火雞和烤雞，很健康，還多了一點節日氣氛！ 
A story to warm our hearts~ 
Good bargain! 
I don't see any problem for department stores to display big size mannequin, but don't call it obese mannequin! 
Bull terrier! So cute! 
I know how it feels. 這麼多年來，我也曾被嫌胖、被嫌化妝醜、被嫌頭髮難看... 
Come on, anyone can tell the report is NOT real!!! 
最愛秋天，美~ 
I am not buying anything this year. What about you? 
This is really sad... 
Could this be real...? Beautiful~ 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
影帝~ 
影后~ 

Canadian don't celebrate American Thanksgiving, but for the first time, they are having a Black Friday!! A local... 
I am in Toronto for vacation, will return to work next Monday~ This photo was taken at Casa LOMA, Toronto. 
The police in actively looking for McAfee, and he is actively avoiding them, afraid that he would be killed in... 

Solar Eclipse in Australia. 澳洲1300年來首次出現的日全蝕！ 
Went to see Skyfall last night, great movie, love Daniel Craig! 
Hillary Clinton will bail out from the cabinet early during Obama's second term. Might she plan to run for the... 
還好小狗被咬後送醫。寵物的安全也是要注意的！ 
想保護小主人！　澳2歲娃走失靈犬一路相伴 
這也太恐怖了吧！Why in the world would something like this be happening?!!! 
奧巴馬這次競選連任多次掉下男兒淚 
I almost got fooled. 
是年紀大了嗎？遇到問題時還是可以打電話給Dick Cheney啊！ 
據說當選後的ㄧ百天是蜜月期，此時攤牌會比較有效嗎？ 
美國中情局長疑似因婚外情醜聞而請辭 
美國中情局長疑似因婚外情而請辭！ 
剛剛查過，我的帳戶沒受影響。 

低跟平底鞋穿起來的確很舒服。因為腳傷，我已經兩個月沒穿過高跟鞋了！ 
還沒機會去賞鯨，聽說會暈船很嚴重，不過應該很值得。 
來看看別人對奧巴馬勝選的分析。 
哀...股市慘跌...
奧巴馬贏了！Obama is re-elected!!!
Obama 157 : Romney 153
All the swing states are still counting...
Obama 123 : Romney 153
All the swing states are still counting...
Obama 109 : Romney 135
People in CA are still casting votes! 
Obama 64 : Romney 67
RT : Polls are closed in more than half of U.S. states. Our map of Election Night results so far: 
東岸已經開始開票了，決戰日感覺好緊張喔！
RT : Breaking: Obama wins Vermont; Romney wins Kentucky  
RT : First polls close. Romney wins Kentucky, Obama wins Vermont, CNN projects. #CNNelection 
RT : Our interactive electoral college map is here for all your calculating needs |  (via Politics)
羅姆尼已經在寫勝利宣言了。1,118字的勝利宣言，今晚會不會聽得到呢？
BOSTON (AP) — Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney wrote a... 
RT : Romney writes a 1,118-word victory speech as he concludes his yearslong quest for the White House:  #Electio ...
十人投票小城開票結果呈現五五波。This shows how tight the presidential election is! 
There's still time. 別忘了投票喔！ 
God created cats so that human can feel what it's like to touch a lion. Hahahah. 
大時代背景下，一場不被認同的姐弟戀，兩人遠走高飛，寫下如同小說般的真實愛情故事。感人~ (影片共有三段喔) 
喜歡這句：熱愛工作 永遠不覺得在工作。雖然有時跳脫不出"工作"的框架，但我還是很幸運，做的是自己熱愛的工作！ 
剪髮前後對照...我開始喜歡新髮型 :) 
（法新社梵蒂岡31日電） 西斯汀教堂（SistineChapel）屆滿500週年，教廷表示，或許會開始限制遊客人數，因為伴隨大批遊客帶來的污染，已危害到米開蘭基羅（Michelangelo）的曠世壁畫。... 
選情變幻莫測，一場Sandy超級風暴，說不定會左右選情！ 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Giants received the golden BROOM of the city for sweeping the World Series!! How cute!
Watch this video. This is too funny! 
Watch this video. This is too funny! 
Streets are flooded with Giants' fan!! 

The parade is still on going~ 
Hurrican Sandy導致下曼哈頓變電所爆炸，畫面驚人。這也太危險了吧！ 
對著一屋子空椅子做talk show真是不容易啊！ 
Manhattan is under water! OMG!! 
剪了新髮型，比以前短了很多。
今年金鐘星光大道造型都挺好看的！ 
居然讓他籌到五千萬了！ 
iPad Mini is out! Am going to check it out in the store once it hits the market. 

"Pretty woman" is much better! 
萬聖節快到了！ 
美~ 
第二輪總統辯論精采片段 
小時候我也養過三隻寵物小雞，養大後家裡的阿姨要殺來吃，被我哭著攔下，最後雞被拿到菜市場裡換成殺好的雞肉... 
RT : Video clip: Obama and Romney clash over the attack in Libya 
RT : Romney: "I care about 100 percent of the American people. I want 100 percent of the American people to have a bright and pr ...
RT : Romney: On day 1, I will name China as a currency manipulator...  #debate #hofdebate
RT : #CNNdebate RT @jimacostacnn Obama: The suggestion that anyone in my team would play politics or mislead...is offensive.
RT : Moderator corrects Romney. Day after attack, Obama did call #Libya an act of terror.
RT : RT : Obama on Libya: "I am ultimately responsible for what's taking place there because these are my folks."
RT : Obama to Romney: "I don't look at my pension - it's not as big as your's." #Debates
RT : Romney Promises Class of 2014 Graduates Jobs If He's Elected. Watch Again:  #debates #hofstradebate
RT : Romney tells voter he is different than George W. Bush, Obama says rival is more extreme:  #2012election -RAS
RT : Obama on undocumented immigrants: Need to go after criminals, gangbangers, not after students.  #CNNdebate
RT : Obama: The flow of undocumented worked that have crossed the border is actually the lowest it's been in 40 years http://t.co/lX ...
RT : Romney: I would not give drivers licenses to those who have come here illegally.  #debate #hofdebate
RT @Obama2012: President Obama: "Keep in mind that Governor Romney invested in companies that were pioneers of outsourcing to China."
RT : The rules of the debate? Obama and Romney break them, repeatedly. 
RT : Romney: President Bush and I are different people and these are different times...  #debate #hof ...
RT : Obama: I have two daughters. I want to make sure they have the same opportunities that anybody’s sons have. http://t.co/tGoq ...
RT : As a woman voter, i feel very wanted tonight!
RT : President Obama: "When Gov. Romney’s campaign was asked about the Lilly Ledbetter bill, they said they would get back t ...
RT : Q on pay for women. Obama: I signed Lilly Ledbetter act. Talks about lowering college costs for young women. http://t.co/tGo ...
RT : Photo: Mitt Romney and Barack Obama have had some feisty moments early in the debate 
