伊力哈木.土赫提被逮捕（图）  China arrests Uighur scholar Ilham Tohti on secession charge - Very disturbing news
1989年6月4日清晨，学生被驱离天安门广场时的珍贵镜头，绝大部分内容应该从未向外界披露。
 
【专访】六四亲历者唐路：忆天安门血腥清场,新闻资讯大陆时政 -新唐人电视台 
 
Stanford University Welcomes Chinese Regime's Propaganda - The Epoch Times 
今日乌克兰是明天的中国？ | 新闻报道 | DW.DE | 24.02.2014 
Convicting Xu Zhiyong Renders Reform Promises a Puff of Smoke - Xiao Shu
 
从独立广场到天安门：民运人士封从德看乌克兰 
2014 Roskill Memorial Lecture: China's Unfinished Revolution-Why the PRC will not rule the world | Jonathan Fenby –  
维权人士曹顺利关押中病危 律师呼吁关注 
Terrifying’ new regs escalate drive to criminalize self-immolations by targeting family, villagers, monasteries - ICT 
律师和维权人士强烈要求警方公布曹顺利病况 | Human Rights in China 中国人权 | HRIC 
伊力哈木被拘40日未有通知 律师指违法
 
RT : RT : There's no "nearly" about how uninhabitable Beijing is today.
RT : Always thot i had high tolerance for bad air. Today, first time i wore mask to work. 
RT : CCTV America is expanding while Chinese government bans visas for new NYT &amp; Bloomberg journalists. 
RT : What do you call a selfie taken by someone dedicated to overcoming selfhood?  
Fury and Angst -- The Recent Confrontation between State Media and Social Media in China - By Jia Jia |... 
歌颂毛泽东不如歌颂秦始皇 | 全球支持中国和亚洲民主化论坛论坛理事长  费良勇... 
RT : 乌克兰人太强了！ RT : “乌克兰的独裁者倒台了”，季莫申科在周六下午获释后发表的首次讲话中表示，“乌克兰独裁者倒台，既不是靠政治人物的努力，也不是外交干预的结果，正是勇于走上街头的民众的力量，挽救了我们的家庭和我们的国…
RT : 看着最近的乌克兰，想起之前看到的一推： RT   很多人认为中国人至今得不到民主是因为不知道妥协,只知道激进的革命.我现在觉得这个看法完全错误,中国人太知道妥协,太知道为了丁点利益而于魔鬼进行交易.
RT : China may be launching big economic reforms but that won't necessarily mean a smaller role for state firms. http://t.c…
Xu Zhiyong's Long March To Reform - China Digital Times (CDT) 
Chinese Characters • Ilham Tohti, economist and critic of the economic... 
A portrait of Shanghai from the perspective of New York chef Eddie Huang; Shanghai | VICE United States 
Chinese Characters • A portrait of Shanghai from the perspective of New York chef Eddie Huang 
Chinese Characters • A portrait of Shanghai from the perspective of New... 
Back in China, Watching My Words - Helen Gao

A writer returns to China after... 
Back in China, Watching My Words -  Nice piece by Helen Gao on returning home to China 
Te-Ping Chen: Thousands Rally for Press Freedoms in Hong Kong - Te-ping Chen  - newsle 
RT :  正在破坏别族文化传统、消蚀别族作为一个民族存在的族群，将别族保护民族文化和民族生命的努力，说成是搞“民族纯粹”，和共产党相比，也算多了个包装。
RT : 律师浦志强把对梁克的调查描述为习近平对国家权力加强控制的最新努力。... “其权力极大膨胀，超过了政治局其他常委的权力，警察、法庭、安全机构都成了其政治资源，”浦说，“现在习想让每个人都明白，是新头子在管事。”http://t.co/Bs1dMJNd…
RT : 美国新任驻华大使博卡斯宣誓就职: 美国新任驻中国大使博卡斯星期五（2月21日）在美国首都华盛顿宣誓就职。美国副总统拜登出席了当天的闭门宣誓仪式，仪式由国务卿克里主持。博卡斯是来自蒙大拿州的民主党人，曾担任参议院财政委员会主席。 http://t.…
RT : New HRIC Video: Rights Lawyer @TengBiao on #XuZhiyong, New Citizens Movement 
RT : U.S. Army seeks better ties with PLA thru a formal dialogues on HADR/PKO/disaster mgmt, and institutional exchanges http:/…
▶ How China Fooled The World With Robert Peston - YouTube 
Top Chinese Journalist Criticized for Giving Birth in the US · Global Voices 
BJ says Obama-DL meeting broke US promise on Tibet  The Chinese govt has hurt the feelings of 32l mln American people.
Chinese fume over Obama-Dalai Lama meeting. Will there be blowback? -  - newsle 
Mongolian Economy and Finance: Book Review: 'By All Means Necessary,' by Elizabeth C. Economy and Michael Levi 
His Holiness the Dalai Lama with President Barack Obama 
His Holiness the Dalai Lama with President Barack Obama 
RT : Mad #China: "If the US president wishes to meet any person, it's his own affair, but he cannot meet the Dalai." http://t.co/5TH…
Frontline Red Flag Over Tibet on Vimeo 
Minxin Pei | What the Realists Got Right About China | Foreign Affairs 
RT : 2013年11月26日，来自河南、河北、山西等地因污血感染艾滋病的受害人，在国家卫生和计划生育委员会门前请愿，要求赔偿、改善医疗等     http://t.co/I8R…
RT : 这是所有在推特上报道乌克兰流血冲突事件中最悲伤的一幕：负责护理示威抗议者一方的女性护理员Olesya Zhukovskaya被子弹击中脖子，在最后的时候她发了最后的推文：“我正走向死亡”。http://t.co/osJZR1qAWz h…
RT : Chinese R&amp;D is growing crazy fast, but much of $284 billion in spending goes towards "business" expenses. http://t.co/gbKpM84…
Chinese School Desks with Railings Prevent Near-Sightedness – chinaSMACK 
Little Fallout Expected from Dalai Lama-Obama Meeting - China Digital Times (CDT) 
Xu Zhiyong's Long March To Reform - China Digital Times (CDT) 
Minitrue: Obama's Meeting with Dalai Lama - China Digital Times  SCIO says only Xinhua and national media copy ok.
调查称：中国农村大学毕业生的失业率远高于城市 
刘晓波妻子刘霞因心脏不适住进医院 

Street Kids - 
VIETNAM Hanoi: conviction of Catholic lawyer Le Quoc Quan upheld on appeal - Asia News 
曹顺利病重昏迷警方逼家人申请接走 
2 Prominent Women Under Detention Are Hospitalized -  
Netizen Voices: Hu Xijin Holds No Grudges - China Digital Times (CDT) 
RT : Shanghai Tower climbers "banned from China for 20 years", they tell  
吴宗素：“三自教会”百分百是共产党的外围组织 
VHS vs. Communism - Video -  
In China, An Uncommon Story of Common Corruption - China Real Time Report - WSJ 
Why Were We in Vietnam? Embers of War 
In China, An Uncommon Story of Common Corruption - Russell Leigh Moses China Real Time Report - WSJ 
An appeal to protect universal justice in Spain - International Campaign for Tibet 
RT : 明天是2月21日周五，#伊力哈木 兄被新疆国保抓走就逾37天了。按照法律这是从刑事拘留升级为逮捕的最后期限。明天也是高校开学的日子，中央民族大学的校园里将看不到伊力哈木兄和与他被一起抓走的三位维族学生。 
RT : +1 RT : Very useful. RT : A Brief Guide to China's Media Landscape - February 2014 
RT : A moving plea MT : China blogger who met kerry urges US to deny visa to Fang Binxing 'father' of Great Firewall http:…
Free Tibet statement on meeting of President Obama and Dalai Lama
 
Free Tibet welcomes the meeting between... 
On China Transcript: Journalism -  
历次外交部就美方见达赖表态_国际新闻_环球网 
Rights Activist Cao Shunli in Intensive Care | Human Rights in China 中国人权 | HRIC 
中方坚决反对奥巴马将见达赖 已向美提严正交涉_国际新闻_环球网 
From the album: Timeline Photos
By Tsering Woeser 
2013年9月14日被中共国保非法拘捕的曹顺利(Cao shunli)女士，于北京市公安局所属朝阳看守所羁押期间引发肺部感染。警察不得不将她送到海淀区清河的999急救中心重症监护室抢救。医生已使用呼吸机。

曹顺利(Cao... 
▶ "Transcending Fear: The Story of Gao Zhisheng." (Trailer) - YouTube  Just finished watching this movie. Very moving.
China: Dissident’s Wife Is Hospitalized -  
Advocate for Uighurs Seems to Have Foretold Detention By Andrew Jacobs |  
      Say what?
Obama to Meet Dalai Lama at White House 
North Korea: Tales from Camp Survivors 
North Korea: UN Should Act on Atrocities Report | Human Rights Watch 
State Media Outlets Call Xi Jinping Cartoon a First -  
Wife of China's jailed Nobel Laureate Liu hospitalized | Reuters 
Plateau Photographers - Multimedia storytelling and culture documentation from the Tibetan plateau 
The Act of Killing trailer 2013 
'China Will Win Over Western Opinion on Tibet, Xinjiang' - China Digital Times (CDT) 
Uyghur Advocates Speak Out After Deadly Incident - China Digital Times (CDT) 
Fire in the Land of Snow: Self-Immolations in Tibet | Film Festival One World 
Convicting Xu Zhiyong Renders Reform Promises a Puff of Smoke By Xiao Shu - China Change 
Veteran journalist reported missing in Cambodia - Committee to Protect Journalists 
RT : China's sex capital? #BBCtrending looks at how Internet users are defending Dongguan city  http://t.…
A Chilling Phone Call Adds to Hurdles of Publishing Xi Jinping Book -  
What's it like to be disabled in China? – James Palmer – Aeon 
U.N. Panel Faults China on North Korean Refugees -  
Zhang Yonghong, Paper Cut Man--this somewhat rough short video is about Zhang Yonghong, a handicapped man that I... 
North Korea: UN Commission documents wide-ranging and ongoing crimes against humanity, urges referral to ICC... 
  Yes, the media always presents Beijing accusations, no matter how ridiculous they are.
  Beijing wants us to unquestioningly believe what it says. But, they never provide evidence to back their claims.
 Yes. And where there's smoke, there's fire. One problem is Beijing refuses access to journalists, which limits understanding.
Q.&amp;A.: Steven I. Levine on Tiananmen Initiative Project
 
American Designs 'International Style' Set for CCTV, Austin Ramzy, Sinosphere | CCTV is losing viewers not... 
Women's rights all but invisible in Dongguan's crackdown on sex trade- Chang Ping says even those protesting... 
Vietnam deploys dancers to thwart anti-China protests | The Japan Times 
Breitbart News Network Plans Global Expansion -  
Polk Awards Honor Articles on N.S.A. Surveillance -  
中国未来十年难大幅减少煤炭使用 | 王 悦 - 中外对话 
China unlikely to reduce coal use in the next decade | Wang Yue - China Dialogue 
现代农田中蜜蜂和其他野生动物正面临农药大轰炸 | 古尔森 戴夫 - 中外对话 
China’s water pollution will be more difficult to fix than its dirty air | Luna Lin - China Dialogue 
中国将出台万亿级水污染防治行动计划 | 林 娜 - 中外对话 
Differing Accounts of Recent Violence in Xinjiang -  
RT :  Saw Digital Dharma last year, the documentary on E. Gene Smith and the collection 
@mattcknight HI, Dharamsala, or any leading university with a good Tibetan studies program. Some place they won't ban people from entering.
RT : Ironically(?) CCP is the new imperialist they scold westerners to be : Are Ethnic Tensions on Rise in China? htt…
After Winding Odyssey, Tibetan Texts Find Home in China   Seems like a very bad decision to give to a PRC university.
Too Much History: Can the U.S. and China Look Forward? : Evan Osnos, The New Yorker 
A talk on the wave of Tibetan self-immolations by Professor Carol McGranahanat Yale University. 
AP News : China Nobel wife's health worsens; needs treatment - Gillian Wong 
In Restive Remote China, Uighurs' Piety and Peace  Wonderful Xinjiang photos by Wang Qing
Wife of Liu Xiaobo, Liu Xia, In Dire Health - China Digital Times (CDT) 
Signal to Noise: Two new articles 
RT :  In one word, yes.
 No doubt about it.
Are Ethnic Tensions on the Rise in China? - China Digital Times (CDT) 
In Restive Remote China, Uighurs' Piety and Peace 
Kerry presses China to ease Internet controls - The Washington Post 
China announces unprecedented harsh measures to deter self-immolations in Tibet’s Dzoege County 
RT : RT : The People's Armed Police send their love to you on this Valentine's Day:  http://t.co…
RT : "Censorship reflects a society's lack of confidence in itself..." 
Leftover Women: The Resurgence of Gender Inequality in China (Asian Arguments): Leta Hong Fincher  
「遇一老友，很有钱，自己开个不大不小的公司，去海南度个假花二三十万的人，但对国家一肚子牢骚。问他为什么，他说不痛快，空气，食品安全，最重要的，没有话语权，对国家政治说不上话。他说，男人嘛，都要有点抱负，但影响国家无门。中国现在人... 
Hu Xijin, editor of the Global Times, agrees that Chinese people are unhappy - Hu finally tells the truth about... 
15 dead in "terrorist attack" in China's Xinjiang 
Former Tibetan Monk Self-Immolates Near Restive Kirti Monastery
 
The Truth About Tiananmen by Perry Link, Jonathan Mirsky, and Ding Zilin | The New York Review of Books 
Commercial Radio sacks host Li Wei-ling, a fierce government critic | South China Morning Post 
香港和台湾新闻工作者抵御北京的影响 - CPJ 
Media told to censor RWB’s world press freedom index - Reporters Without Borders 
Les médias sommés de censurer le classement mondial 2014 de la liberté de la presse - Reporters sans frontières 
My palms sweated and I felt ill as I watched this video, which was apparently shot with a Gopro camera. 
Вадим Махоров - Шанхайская башня \ Shanghai Tower  My palms sweated and I felt ill when I watched this video.
Bill O’Reilly’s Gift for the Ages -  
From Nieman Reports: Detecting threads of Chinese government propaganda over time » Nieman Journalism Lab 
Another self-immolation in Tibet 
Another self-immolation in Tibet 
Now I Know Who My Comrades Are: Voices from the Internet Underground  New book on China Internet by Emily Parker
Networked China: How the Internet and Social Media Are Transforming China | New York | Asia Society | On the... 
Lawyers see rights abuses in detention of Beijing 'house church' members By Verna Yu | South China Morning Post 
Scott Kronick: The Lighter Side of China -- BEIJING, Feb. 12, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- - newsle 
No error here: Microsoft deploying Chinese censorship on global scale |  
China’s Corruption Crackdown - Xi vows to end corruption, but report said country’s wealthy storing billions abroad. 
RT : 【這個情人節，剃頭撐劉霞！】转眼间，刘霞已遭受了三年多的无理软禁。”刘霞关注组”将于2月14日发起”剃头撑刘霞”行动，呼吁大家齐齐理个”刘霞装”以示对刘霞的支持，和对中共无法无天的控诉。希望能得到你的响应！  #liuxia http:/…
RT : 一个正当守法的公民，仅仅因为说出了一些常识、讲出了一些道理，便需要担心被政府“自杀”，需要声明他刚刚检查了身体，没有病，不会突然病死也不会自杀。这样的国家才是恐怖国家，这样的政权才是恐怖政权，他们信奉的主义（不管叫什么名字）才是恐怖主义。#伊力哈木回家
RT : ［西班牙法院下令　逮捕江澤民李鵬］法官Moreno判辭：江澤民負責監督的下屬，曾虐待及侵犯西藏人人權，因此江本人對上述行為負有責任。下令國際刑警發出逮捕令，以種族屠殺、虐待及反人類罪拘捕江澤民、李鵬及其餘數名中共80-90年代高層官員 ht…
Press Groups Warn of China’s Influence on HK and Taiwan Media - Note that the 2 writers have been forced out of China 
Free Press Groups Warn of China's Influence on Hong Kong and Taiwan Media -  
A Tribute to Maung Thaw Ka 
RT : 北京二外大一学生唐路  ，1989年6月4日凌晨被驱离天安门广场。 
RT : Breakthrough? Maybe, but remarkable irony that author (  ) was just kicked out of PRC =&gt;Taiwan http://t.co/…
CHINESE BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING, AND EXPORTING ITS METHODS - Asia-Pacific | World Press Freedom Index, Reporters... 
薛明凯的太太李娜发布微博称薛明凯父亲薛夫顺丧事办理完毕... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Journalists in Hong Kong and Taiwan Battle Beijing’s Influence 
This woman is the voice of Tibet for China and the world | Public Radio International 
Journalists in Hong Kong and Taiwan Battle Beijing's Influence - Committee to Protect Journalists 
Journalists in Hong Kong and Taiwan Battle Beijing's Interference.  
This woman is the voice of Tibet for China and the world 
This woman is the voice of Tibet for China and the world
 - A PRI interview with Woeser. 
RT : You can read about ’s experience in the latest issue of Nieman Reports: 
RT : A  discussion featuring : What should U.S. do about China barring correspondents? http://t.co/TZJ1Siz…
Commentary: Is the PLA Going Rogue? | Minxin Pei, The National Interest 
Massive Police Crackdown on Dongguan Prostitution Industry – chinaSMACK 
Asia Unbound » Getting at the Heart of China’s Resource Quest by Elizabeth Economy 
Asia Unbound » Getting at the Heart of China’s Resource Quest 
Bing practicing Chinese censorship globally |  
China cracks down on its 'sex capital' - Asia news -  
“六四事件”的一名死囚仍系狱 | 新闻报道 | DW.DE | 11.02.2014 
律师团就薛福顺死亡控告曲阜公安 办案机关态度引外界质疑 
Spanish judge orders arrest warrants for Chinese leaders day before Spanish Parliament vote on legal reform - ICT  
VIETNAM Vietnam, hundreds of police deployed to arrest a dissident lawyer - Asia News 
RT : How does 2014 bode for human rights in #China? I joined  &amp;  on  to discuss the key issues http:/…
Big Dongguan Raid Won't Solve Sex Worker Problem, Sociologist Says - 
RT : Spanish court issues arrest order for Jiang Zemin, Li Peng, et al over allegations of Tibet genocide. http://t.co/qtwt…
“Découvrir la culture ouïghoure avec "Regard sur les Ouïghour-e-s"” 
Hotels in Tibet implicated in racial profiling for security services - InterContinental, Sheraton, Ramada and... 
A Leading Chinese Economist Warns of a Difficult Year and 'Dead' Companies By Michael Forsythe  
Wen Yiduo, a masterful poet, is revived in new translation -  
RT : How does 2014 bode for human rights in #China? I joined  &amp;  on  to discuss the issues http://t.c…
RT : Read ' "Command and Control: The state of journalism in China, 25 years after Tiananmen" by  http://t…
Frill: A Chinese pop-up dictionary extension for Safari  A very handy dictionary tool for reading Chinese web pages.
Hundreds of Tibetans gather in third peaceful protest for imprisoned Tibetan lama - International Campaign for Tibet 
明報即時新聞網-兩岸---崔健：天安門有毛像時代就沒變 (12:11)-20140209 
许志永上诉： 若不纠正，莫谈法治 | 新闻报道 | DW.DE | 10.02.2014 
六四央视主播出书谈当年经历习近平下届传有动作 - 中国 - RFI 
VIETNAM Imprisoned Catholic lawyer on hunger strike. Human Rights groups pressure Hanoi - Asia News 
RT : 秦永敏：寻找在返回曲阜中失踪的薛明凯、李娜夫妻   具体时间最后也宣布了是在2月7号。但是根据我对最后和他有过联系的三位朋友——方言女士、钱进先生、江天勇律师的调查结果，三人认定，薛明凯肯定是在准备返回…
