hook design crate：（来自）
crate mold testing mechanical：（来自）
Chair mould with mold steel P20, ejector way is ejector pin. Chair mould design with hydraulic system design. 
Bottle crate mould service: from bottle crate product design, bottle crate mould design to crate manufacture, we good 
Look, a new bucket sample picture out. With nice apperence, good assembling. 
Foldable crate stacking show: We have many dimension chose, and has a stacking test. It will be your choice. 
Crate mould service: fish crate mould, fruit crate mould, vegetable crate mould, milk crate mould and so on. 
This is our A serie foldable crate which is more suitable for transporting fruit and vegetables. 
This is our best-selling flodable crate kind. It has 3 dimension chose1200*1000*760, 1200*1000*860, 1200*1000*1000mm. 
24 bottles crate mould, Mold steel is P20, Ejector way is stripper. We have rich experience making bottle crate mold. 
Different kind of bucket moulds: round bucket moulds, square bucket moulds ,ellipse moulds with good assembling. 
A complete line of bucket service: plastic bucket mould, plastic hanle mould, plastic lid mould. Short delivery. 
1. We have the experience to make 2 or 4 cavities box mould with the box dimension 600x350x450mm, and with the... 
Moulds Name : LCD TV shell mould
TV MOULD Size: 32"
Product description: TV case mould
TV MOULD cavity: 1 cavity... 
PP drainage pipe fitting moulding size from 25mm up to 160mm diameter. 
PP drainage pipe fitting type : Coupler,... 
We manufacture various types of PVC, PPR, PP, PE fitting system mould. We ever export our products to Spain,... 
Mould Name :Flip Top Cap
Mould Cavity: 4 cavities
Injection Units: 4 Points Anole Hot Runner
Mould Size:... 
We have many years experience in making pipe fitting mould, such as PVC pipe fitting mould, PPR pipe fitting... 
We have many years experience in making pipe fitting mould, such as PVC pipe fitting mould, PPR pipe fitting... 
1.Usually, designer will design properly cooling system, runner system,and use imitation system to check the... 
PC plastic chair mould is one of our famous projects. Perfect chair types design, changeable chair back insert,... 
As the baby bathtub we usually use PP material. Regarding to the steel material, we prefer P20 or 718. We also... 
Storage box is useful in our daily life. There are a big market in the world if doing the business about storage... 
red bottle crate：（来自）
crate mold test：（来自）
milk powder spoon：（来自）
two cavities lids die：（来自）
Plastic air conditioner mould: We have experiece in making every parts in the air conditioner. 
We specilized in offering you good quality plastic table moulds, plastic table injection molding machine. 
Satety syringe production process: individual packing, outer package, sterilizing and so on. 
Bend mould, elbow mould with Cube. 90°（87.5°), 45°, 67.5° mold core and cavity steel : DIN 1.2344. 
Plastic pipe fitting mould: bend mould, TEE mould, cross mould, socket mould, union mould and so on. 
IML In Mold labelling thin wall container mould, we could offer you IML service which contains IML mold, IML robot... 
We could offer you a line of children toy molds. Each plastic part has accordly molds with good quality. 
Multi-cavities cap molds, water cap mold, flip cap mold, oil cap mold, and other different caps moulds. 
Test tube mould: mold core and mold cavity steel material, S136 which will make mold has good polishing. 
Aviation cup mold PS material, high polishing, surface chemical texture. we will meet all your requirements. 
Sino Pipe fitting mould Co.,Ltd, professional pipe fitting mould maker, have many years experience in making pipe... 
Air assist injection molding technology is a technology that inject plastic into mould cavity, and then pour... 
As a disposable dishware mould supplier, sino mould has many years experience in making such thin wall plastic... 
Dakumar Machinery ,one of the famous domestic container robot supplier, has many years to study different types of... 
We are supplier to create a better cap production line, oversea cap production line building, cap mould injection... 
Sino Mould is a famous plastic mould manufacturing company, one of specialist of high precision plastic mould... 
Die-casting is a kind of foundry technology which filling the metal liquid or semi-liquid in the die-casting mold... 
Sino mould Co., Ltd is one of the best supplier of wheel casing mould among China mould manufacturers. Sino mould... 
Sino mould, one of the 4 cavities mould maker in Huangyan, produced high quality mould and provide competitive... 
Nowadays, many different kinds of pipe fitting mould is produced by pipe fitting mould maker and exporter in... 
dimension~1：（来自）
container mold：（来自）
cover mold test：（来自）
plastic container lid mould , SINO MOULD has a strong container lid mould worker team. to chose a suitable mold... 
Bottle crate mold, bread crate mould, fruit crate molds, Welcome to SINO MOULD . We could offer a fine crate mold... 
Are youl ooking for a china cheap pallet mould, why not consider SINO MOULD in China? We are the professional... 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
SINO MOULD can offer you crate mould solution.This crate mold has 4 cavities.. With CUBE on the cavity surface,... 
If you are interested air conditioner mould china, welcome to SINO MOOULD. We are the famous air conditioner... 
SINO MOULD could offer round thin-wall container mold, ellipse thin-wall container mold , square thin-wall... 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
LCD TV case mould, we specialized in making highlight TV case mould, experience in gas-assist injection moulding... 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
If you are interested air conditioner mould china, welcome to SINO MOOULD. We are thefamous air conditioner mould... 
SINO MOULD is the china professional crate mouldmanufacture which has rich experience in making milk crate mould,... 
SINO MOULD is the professional china plastic table mould manufacturer. We are specialized in producing round table... 
SINO MOULD is specialized in making auto spare part mold, especially producing bumper mould. We have rich... 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
我刚上传了一张照片到Facebook 
Plastic stool mold, stool mould. SINO  will be your good choice if you are just looking for stool mould manufacture. 
Toy mold for children. SINO MOULD is able to offer you verious versions of toy mold. We have many experience. 
24 bottle crate mold: the application of hot runner system will save the bottle crate material. 
 Our company located in Huangyan, Taizhou, Zhejiang province
Aluminum die-casting mold service: SINO MOULD has special work team for aluminum die-casting project. 
Test tube solution: Stavax S420 stainless steel, valve gate system with interchangeable for test tube mold. 
If you want to make blowing mold, please consider SINO MOULD blowing mould solution.picture show our blowing samples. 
Syringe barrel mould,32cavities syringe barrel mold, use Stavax S136, Anole Point gate,mirror polishing. 
PP bucket mould, square bucket mold, round bucket die, SINO MOULD could meet your requirement about bucket production 
Any question about watertight caisson mold, please contact SINO MOULD which offer you good watertight caisson die. 
Buy food storage container mold? SINO MOULD has strong food storage container mould designers and mold maker team. 
Test Tube mold：（来自）
4 cavities crate mould test：（来自）
Strong loading weight table since our table molds have good quality and the material with composite materials. 
We have the experience in making folding Stool molds. We also have product department to improve the appearance. 
Please see the joined Lovely Baby bathtub  picture. We devoted to offering nice appreance baby bathtub. 
Welcome to my Youtube to see 20 Gallon Garbage Bin Mouldhttp://youtu.be/mA43b2BkV2g 
SINO AUTO, devoted to offering  high quality hubcap mold, lamp mould, bumper mould and so on. 
Oil drum: good plastic blowing oli drum. Welcome to contact me to get more information. 
We offer you not only a machine, but a fine solution. I meant that's the principle of all the person in SINO HOLDING 
plastic tube mold: high polishing tube mould, tube mould with high quality, automatic demoulding. we could offer... 
Chair mouls ： good stacking chair moulds, nice Half line chair moulds, interchangeable back insert chair moulds.... 
Plastic cap molds: water cap mould, shampoo cap mould, flip cap mould, medicine cap mould as so on. This picture... 
SINO MOULD is specializing in different kinds of injection mould, such as crate mould, home appliance mould,... 
SINO MOULD is specializing in different kinds of injection mould, such as crate mould, home appliance mould,... 
we have rich experience in making milk crate mould, fish crate mould, vegetable crate mould, breed crate mould,... 
我向  播放列表添加了一个视频  Dakumar machine I M L
我向  播放列表添加了一个视频  plastic injection molding machine
我向  播放列表添加了一个视频  chair mold
我向  播放列表添加了一个视频  Paint bucket mould 5L
我向  播放列表添加了一个视频  4L bucket lid mould
我向  播放列表添加了一个视频  3L bucket round mould
我向  播放列表添加了一个视频  China chair mould manufacture
我向  播放列表添加了一个视频  spoon mould test
我向  播放列表添加了一个视频  chair molding
我向  播放列表添加了一个视频  20 Gallon Garbage Bin Mould
IML SYSTERM：（来自）
PET preform project line which includes PET preform mould , PET injection molding machine and PET blowing machine.... 
Nice picture, I liked. Thank you for sharing us 
Our worker is making chair mould in the workshop. The chair mold steel is use P20. Welcome to get more information. 
Syringe line project, gasket mould, pluger mould, barrel mould, automatic needle assembling machine and so on. 
Crate mould line project, bucket mould project, plastic cap mould project. Please feel free to contact me. 
Welcome to visit special page. 
plastic part：（来自）
This is coop sample which is made by our moulds. Welcome to inquiry coop mould. 
Paint bucket moulds+ lid moulds, verious volume choice. 
This beer crate mold core were slide stitching which guarantee the crate has good air venting. 
3L bucket round mould：（来自）
4L bucket lid mould：（来自）
Paint bucket mould 5L：（来自）
plastic injection machine：（来自）
toy mould：（来自）
We can offer you wine glass mould. Those molds need high polishing so thatinjection wine glass is too transparent. 
Next week SINO HOLDING GROUP will attend Canton Fair in Guangzhou China next week during 15th October to 19th October in A area exhibition.
2 Cavities crate mould testing：（来自）
bottle crate mould test：（来自）
If you are just looking for china professional mold maker now, please feel free to contact me. Email: sino6001@sinomould.com
We could make round thin-wall container mold, ellipse thin-wall container mold and square thin-wall container mold and custom shape mold.
How to solve the thin wall container thickness off center problem when the container is injecting ? Adjust the height of wear plate.
The spare parts of our injection mould were designed to achive DME standard which is also good for mould maintenance.
 34?????
 72???????
We have rich expereience in making plastic container mold. Welcome to  get more information. sino6001@sinomould.com 
chair molding：（来自）
pipe fiting mould：（来自）
I.M.L solutions ( Offer IML robot system, high speed injection machine&amp;moulds, Lables)
Chair mould, interchangeable insert block for different versions of chair backrest,backrest inserts can be easily replaced on the machine.
Want to product crate or pallet mould by recycle material with steel piece or stones inside? SINO can offer you solutions.
We have made 80 sets of crate moulds in the last year. Sino design crate moulds will give you best solution.
SINO MOULD has a very top mentality of mould design, top quality of mould tooling and workmanship( measure up tp D-M-E standard) good price
spoon mould test：（来自）
Double color mould：（来自）
China chair mould manufacture：（来自）
  Dakumar is specialized in producing injection moulding machine and auxiliary engine.
If you need pallet mould, please send pallet dimension and requirements. we can give you competitive mold quotation. 
This foldable crate without holes on the wall. The foldable way is with 4 plug on each corner to folding. 
This foldable crate with holes on the wall which can keep food fresh.Dimension from  400*300*150mm to 600*400*340mm. 
This crate dimension is 600mm length and 400mm width,the height has 230mm,280mm and 340mm. PP mateiral. 
4 cavity lids mould test video：（来自）
4 cavity container in laber moulding video：（来自）
closure mold：（来自）
bucket mould testing video 0：（来自）
Our mold certification showed manufacture of plastic injection parts below 4000g, ISO/TS 16949:2009
 Our cap mold steel is S136 made by Assab, the ejection way is stripper which has fast cycle time. 
If you need automotive mold, please contact my email:sino6001@sinomould.com.we devoted to offer mold to OET. 
This is cross pipe fitting mold. If you are interest, please feel free to contact :sino6001@sinomould.com 
This handle mold max. cavities  is 48 cavities.The mold steel is S136 from Assab which can prolong the  mold life. 
5Gallon cap mold test：（来自）
This is PET PREFORM. The max. cavities we can make is 48 cavities. If you interest, please feel free to contact me. 
chair mold：（来自）
一出12水盖12s：（来自）
32 cavities cap with stripper ejection way：（来自）
1ml barrel：（来自）
Dakumar machine I M L：（来自）
20 Gallon Garbage Bin Mould：（来自）
1ml gasket mold：（来自）
we need even  injection points to keep the blade moulds' plastic filling are the same pressure and same distances. 
SINO MOULD can make 0.5ml to 500ml testing tube mold. Welcome to our website: 
SINO MOULD is specialized in making plastic children mold.This is our sample which has good stacking. 
SINO MOULD can offer you plastic chair mold solution, welcome to our website: 
SINO-PK can offer you syringe mould consist 3 components of moulds, barrel mould,  plunger mould, and gasket mould. 
1毫升推杆1ml plunger：（来自）
foldable crate C series：（来自）
SINO MOULD offer you best quality table mold.Based on rich experinece,we could offer you diffrent design as your need 
foldable crate loading weight test.welcome to our website to get more information.
 
bottle lowing machine:  来自 @youtube
bottle lowing machine：（来自）
PET preform mould test:  来自 @youtube
PET preform mould test：（来自）
RT : Компания Sino Mould существует специальная группа, занимающаяся разработкой  пректов для пресс-формы для бытовой техники.
RT : Sino Mould   является известным производителем высокакачественной  пресс-формы в Китае. 
RT : Компания Sino Mould является лидером по производству пресс-форм для  ящиков. . 
RT : Компания Sino Mould одна из лидирующих компаний в Китае по профессиональному  изготовлению пресс-формы для паллета. htt ...
RT : Первый блин комом.
good tooling equipment, optimal cooling system, resonable mould design, precision mould control. 
This is flip top cap made by our company's mould. we can offer you good quality automatic flip top cap mould . 
toothpaste cap/ flip top cap mould with inside clothing/automatic demoul...:  来自 @youtube
IML system in bucket mould, welcome to our website to get more information. ( )
IML 17.20L 漆桶:  来自 @youtube
beer crate mould test：（来自）
Big crate, could transport more things than small crate.  The dynamic load is 1 ton, and static load is 3-4ton. 
Welcome to visit. Today some customers visit to see the mould design, and watch our workshop and equipment tooling, 
Flip-top cap mould with inside clothing, could automatic demoulding. 
Welcome to our company. we are the professional plastic mould supplier and we are specilized in exporting. 
SINO MOULD can offer best storage box mould.welcome to our website to get more information. 
This is the C series foldable crate. Good apperence, Lower cost, Convenience. Those are the advantages of this crate. 
On April 15th to April 20th,SINO MOULD will attend Canton Fair in Guangzhou China. We have mould booth and foldable crate booth.Welcome.
Foldable crate, new material, no recycle material, competitive price. 
