RT : Aka maintenance? #长文缩短 "Operators will adopt new 'predict and prevent' approach” says Lui.
 what prince
 lmao don't make me laugh in class please omg I just snorted
RT :  in the cut-throat world of neat handwriting, there are no nasty winners. Only whiners.
wah so nasty! RT :  nudge her elbow when she is writing. "oh solly..." #win
RT 1000x! RT : Lecturer talking about pop culture like cantopop then jpop and now Kpop. I'm just like sorry now it's Artpop.
RT : Lecturer talking about pop culture like cantopop then jpop and now Kpop. I'm just like sorry now it's Artpop.
 弥补进不了ntu &amp; smu的心灵挫伤
I'm final year, bu ke neng! RT :  my child, they have mastered The Art of Looking Busy. You have many miles to go.
 got people do one loh lmao
clearly I'm bored in class
girl besides me has a neat handwriting I must out neat her this is a battle of the sexes!!!!!!!!
gawd I don't understand huge class like what are these people perpetually typing and writing???? nothing important has been said?.?
 when you are stunned by stef sun do you say you are sunned lmao
 information counter 名不虚传！！！！！
  sensitive content lmao 
  #LUSTera lmao
omfg RT if you had read cikgu suraya

cc 
RT : Cerpen erotika ini buktinya yang Bahasa Melayu adalah indah bahasanya. #cikgusuraya
RT :  original or the Kong Hee remix?
but Samuel L Jackson really looks a bit like Laurence Fishburne????????????
 except when you listen to the winner takes it all??????
*A2 bus came*

guy: you wanna take? 
girl: I don't mind

bus completely full how you gonna take the bus don't-mindly?
it's the time of the week for bus-bitching again la.
RT : Why? #为什么为什么为什么 RT : No burning questions are allowed TMR!
RT :  Just one question. How often do your friends say "Houston, we have a problem."?
fuck me? or are we not allowed to say something so M18? RT : Mug me, bug me, dug me, ugh me.  what rhymes with hug me.
 lol did you read that in Cantonese
*takes out my fully annotated and heavily highlighted current-week readings and fans self in class*

"好热啊，今天真的好热啊！！！！"
I only RT Because of the hashtag RT :   为什么月亮有时圆有时又不圆
 
#100kwhywhywhy
RT :   为什么月亮有时圆有时又不圆
 
#100kwhywhywhy
 *in Elsa s voice* LET IT GO LET IT GO
hahahaha!
RT : Tuan Cincin, Orcs itu yahudi. Sauron itu Illuminati. Yg lain semua melayu sebab mereka master race #meleisversionmovie
 will you still love me when I'm no longer young and beautiful????????????
RT : If there's a burning question you die die want to know, you die die let me know, and we will die die discuss, ok?
my coffee is not brewed with morning dew from coffee beans sobs sobs #concubineproblems
term paper deadline extended. God bless you sir God bless your family God bless your dog
 last one... innuendo detected!
 she's hilarious
this is like the only time I'll eat it.. cause I actually paid for it :'(
RT : I just ordered pizza for the third day in a row and I feel like the delivery guy is judging me.
omg they have me the first piece of the bread for my sandwich
 lol you gum dou duk?
 ya lol
hi mike chang i see that you have a new, longer hair *presses skip ad*
after tonight i am qualified to give opinions on which is the best say something cover on youtube :’)
 oh c’mon we all know 10 in 10 people are super skinny when they say they are fat
 so when are you wearing this
wah since when fb notification has a mark as read button lol like emails like that
ugh i hate my brain for asking random, question that i can’t recall its answer at night, cos i can’t sleep.
what is the science term for oil smearing paper making it translucent again? or the term for that trait.
 :&lt;
when i am in ipoh my internet is 1kb when i am back here it is 0.9kb   i need your royal harem meme
just choked on my drinks
RT :  maybe it's me, maybe it's maybelline. (Clue: It's ME)
 you never smize, OUT!!!!! CHUT GUK
   #you guys basically.
 为什么你要挖我
 you wanna be on top? NANANANA NANA, NANA, NANANANA.
 wahhhhhhh
yea i should put that into my linkedin hor
sometimes my comment gets more likes than the post itself on facebook, 有点喧宾夺主的感觉，真是不好意思 oh hohoho *covers mouth laughs like auntie*
 CONGRATULATIONS YOU HAVE JUST WON A SPECIAL AWARD what prize you want?
RT : [judge looks concerned]
"so, u want a divorce because ur wife chose Bulbasaur as her starter Pokemon?"
...
"GRANTED"
*B…
*percussions*

*shakes head left to right to the tempo*

I NEED YOU, AND I MISS YOU
 i tried :’(
oh oh, a thousand miles came up on itunes brb my terry crews moment
people who occupy the whole road but yet still walking so slow DO YOU WANT TO BUILD A SLOW LANE
 haha i know but suddenly go to hindu is very…random lol 
 that doesn’t really make sense but ok??????????????????????? lol
 not slaughter a cow?
 i am trying so hard to sing that in tune only to realise it’s not a song :&lt;
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 9 or 10, money can’t buy you back the love that you had then :’)
what is his solution to the problem of education jiek should we contact him i really wanna know tho
  oh i know why his tone sucked liao. read his last line he didn’t get to ask anything that;s why haha
why my twitter isn't loading ah
RT : Hello Twitter! Hold on to your hats. I’m ready to tweet everything from anywhere to anyone who gives a damn!
 which TA jiek
The Wild Northern - The Demarcation:  via @youtube :')
WHY CAN’T YOU JUST POST YOUTUBE LINK JIEK my ocd is not happy
it irks me a bit when people are sharing a website that embeds a youtube video… instead of posting the youtube link on facebook :&lt;
RT :  Garfield was grumpy about Mondays way before Grumpy Cat *insert hipster glasses*
i’d probably be asking a more solid question if i went up and asked “will you still love pluto when he's no longer young and beautiful????"
luckily i am not from science lol
RT : This is embarassing. 
 for a 50¢ ice cream? reached here is a $10 molten liquid liao
i feel like walking over to mcd but it’s not very time and energy efficient to walk over just to get a 50¢ ice cream? lol
 who? cute dude? where and how did you see that/
 thanks I'll check that out!
 nice
 move
lmao why did I tweet that? as if McDonald's will reply and deliver lol
I want sundae cone.
 有品味！！
 aww. I don't think you're an asshole
 you want drama is it
RT : My ocd is preventing me from getting a new flappybird high score. Compulsive need to tap twice all the time urgh.
 EDNA MODE IS THE BEST THING HAPPENED TO ANIMATION!!!
wah like this also can.
"该名女粉丝不但把手机与男友的合照换成李敏镐，还整天称呼男友Oppa Oppa，不能好好用回原称及讲回中文，逢见到人的话题就离不开李敏镐，导致他们日日吵架，结果男友嫌烦，与女狂迷一齐去整容医院，要求整到似李敏镐那样，搞到整容医生劝了他们两个小时，这对情侣才放弃整容"
"内地传媒表示有一名李敏镐女狂迷，整天在男友面前不停提李敏镐、长腿哥哥等，令男友烦到爆.."
 i read in toilet one :’)
who says we are Y, we are the D generation
RT :  she wants the D
RT :  she wants the d
maybe she just wants more friends to send her lives on candy crush :’) i shouldn’t be so cynical
why got middle age random out of nowhere auntie with no mutual friend at all add me on facebook one? yeeeee
my high stack of books just suddenly toppled by itself when i am doing my thesis omg 大凶之兆!!!!!
RT : "What made you think he'd really stopped supporting Voldemort, Professor?"  "That, Harry, is a matter between Professor …
 i want
 if you like vanessa carlton go check out her “heroes and thieves” i like that one a lot too.
 oohhh haha yes very nice songs, i approve!
 what songs! intro!
 first thing that came into my mind is OMG I NEED TO INSTAGRAM THIS
when your mom is angry does she say 生块叉烧 好过生你一个腊肠  PLEASE RESPOND
 does your mom need another son? :’)
this is what i call 心想事成
what does it say if my tvb streaming page loads faster than a simple google search?
RT : #onthetable #isanothertable #withvegetables #wah #ootd #wiwt #xs #sizezero #FAB #lookbook #shoes #fromwhereistand #avenueofs…
RT : Ermahgerd Mama-made Katong laksa for #dinner #sizetwelvethousand #onthetable 
i love dinner time cos it gives me legitimacy to watch tvb lol
RT : Not because Man Utd is performing so badly this season that it's painful but because I want to buy a jersey and I don't …
RT : Can't wait for the next season of EPL.
RT : So Reid delivered a baby in Season 9 of Criminal Minds. Is there anything he can't do?
DON’T GIVE THEM IDEAS!!!!! RT :  later they add laundry directions
omfg this will go down in history as one of the most relevant quotes
RT : "Off the people, force the people, buy the people" - . lol, nice one Datuk.
 gasps D:
RT : #SG NEWS: #KeppelClub &amp; Marina Bay #Golf Courses will not get new leases when current ones expire: Law Ministry http:/…
 but history will remember him as the first person to do that :’(
#ootd market spoiled already, we all should just concentrate on our #foodporn until someone tagged #加饭
omg gasps 一山还有一山高 —&gt; RT :  #36-24-38
seriously i can’t think of any way to one-up this. what more can you hashtag to one-up this?!??!?!?!
YOU WILL NEVER, EVER BE ABLE TO TOP THIS!!!!! ALL OF YOU SHOULD PACK YOUR BAGS AND GO HOME!!!!
#ootd hashtag posts have been brought to a whole new level by this person who also hashtagged the size of the clothing; #xs
 did you….want that barista instead?
 it’s a 杀一儆百 kind of news
 真会说话，不怪得那么得宠，好! *storms out of your palace dramatically*
 *palm on left cheek* 妹妹不要恃宠就目中无人
…. which is that the indelible ink is actually delible," he said.

NAHHHHHHH!
"As a civil servant whose salary comes from taxpayers' money, I have a duty to inform the people of the truth,...
*sips my lotus tea that uses morning dew from lotus leaves to brew*
Air force pilot pays the price for speaking up  via @sharethis
 i read that in his voice T____T DON’T TALK SHIT I TELL YOU!
diu he doesn’t have a twitte r
when ibrahim ali does his tblth talkshow, does he call himself IMBAhim ali PLEASE RESPOND
ibrahim ali says he is “1000 million times better than anwar for prime minister"
internet should be glad it doesn’t have a lou mou because the speed is so slow i want to beat its lou mou up right now
  dammit both of you somehow incepted the song into my mind and now it is not going away
  SHAKE IT TO THE LEFT IF YOU’RE HAVING A GOOD TIME SHAKE IT TO THE RIGHT IF YOU KNOW THAT YOU FEEL FINE
 GHAHAHAHAHAHA i will forever remember that in you
 lmao whut
internet r u ok
  yer ahaha.
 tom odell sings ‘make me hard make me come’ too :’)
 oh. hahaha wtf
i’m dumber than the dumbest pasta cos i don’t get it??????????? :'( RT :  
Which is the dumbest pasta? 
Fusilli.
RT :  DEFINITELY POETIC LO.
RT :  Morning dews on lotus leaves to brew lotus tea come on...
wah bean sprouts last time was called 金钩银条 not sure if those chinese are being poetic or berlebih
RT :  dinner cost was $38.80. I passed him $19. He told me "sorry, but u should give me $19.40" #ClassicEpicDate
 OH YES the doge of venice! now i recalled! aahhaha.
RT : Don't forget to grab your FREE DOWNLOAD of our new single #AllTheseGhosts right here 
why be a president when you can be the next supreme? *me scorning at house of cards*
 ^^ who who hehe
 when you are not sleeping at night do you call yourself a hootston, hahaha. yea i’m sleeping now. gd night, have a great week!
wah  doesn’t sleep one ah lol
 FUCK AHHAHAHAHAHAHA
 *demands the lyrics be changed to ‘you want me, there’s nothing you can do, lucky you’ because it makes me slightly happier :’) *
RT : Why is every dog in M'sia named Lucky?
    
     gasps we just took photos here last week
  why didn’t you post stuff like this ah? cos this is like your job lol
 wah
RT : . 
Oh fk !! This pick is 40 yrs old!
Lana Del Rey
     THAT
RT : @Cher stop trying to be Lana Del Rey 
which floor your live on? sure even worse loh? RT :  The haze is BACK!
instead of showing up at some oppressed group’s door step demanding a list of citations for things (racism, sexism, etc.)” omg
"If you are actually concerned, you would take the initiative to do some research yourself ..
"Marginalized groups are not responsible for explaining their marginalization to you."
 OH. MY. GOD.
  still a better love story than twilight :’))
so disturbing! RT : Font type: Human, Font Size: 9, Colour: Skin 
so there are all these football matches next week, if no one makes a “LET IT GOAL LET IT GOAL” frozen reference i’d be so disappointed.
is it just me or i smelled haze when i walked out of room just now
 korean lip reading is just
 lol i have a feeling they were being 'fuck this shit i am outta here’ also…
can’t be my keywords search terms right? i was mayor of nus library multiple times leh! i KNOW ABOUT SEARCHING *snaps z fingers librarianly*
either i am not searching correctly or no one writes on such topic since 1984 in malaysia?????
 takes a photo of you and files it under #proudgf
 omg die many works not yet done. how to go out???
 wei wah whole singapore can see your bf on twitter liao ahahaha
  omg ahhahahah
RT : ' Ah! Luohan fish! It's the in thing a few years ago. Everybody had 1 or 2 or 3! If I have a luohan, I'm gonna n…
lol it’s really a very polite version of saying “讲就天下无敌，做就有心无力"
journal: "Malaysia has a developed country approach in...management policy but...with the implementation capacity of a developing country"
 HAHHAHAAHA OMG you should take photo
 got doge suite????? really ah omg
omg neutral milk hotel headlining pitchfork
