喜歡 (xi3huan) 名 (ming2) 甚麼？(shen2me) A few practice words before Italian.
RT : Wildly popular accounts like  are bad for history, bad for Twitter, and bad for you:  #conte…
RT : Dove si urla, non c'è vera conoscenza. = "Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge". - Leonardo da Vinci
RT : Some useful late-night studying vocabulary: 物理 (wu4li3) - physics; 化学 (hua4xue2) - chemistry; 考试 (kao3shi4) - test/exa…
I'm dismayed to see people refusing to learn #languages due to #racism. If you don't want to learn, fine, but there's no need to be racist.
Voglio mangiare qualcosa, ma non so che. :I
Questo internet è troppo lento.
RT : Salvadoran fisherman who survived 13 months at sea talks with his elated family for first time in years: 
Thank the Heavens for Zhuyin.
Super excited! I got Zhuyin input for my phone! Going to get it set up on computer, too. Also, 我在家。
RT : Precipitevolissimevolmente! RT : Good luck saying that word extremely quickly though! #italian  http://t.…
我是美國人學生。/practice time
After Italian class I'm getting coffee and a donut; need sugar to stay awake until tonight when I deliver speech.
我吃了。
Okei, okei, debo dormir. Buenas noches. Tengo un dia largo mañana.
RT : El Salvador: inusual alianza para segunda vuelta: 
我不會睡。。。
我在读一本書。它呌 "Mandarin Visual Dictionary"。
我想要食物。我饿了。。。unu;;
回 (hui4): to return. Ex. 我回家(jia1) I return home.
晚安！(wan3 an1): Good night.
 Okay! I'll be on in a sec.
 什？
我是美國人。eue!
Finished studying German. Time for Chinese.
 Yes you did! I am proud of you! ;u;
 You have learned, young padawan. But you are still not a Jedi master.
Whoa, Twitter changed its web design. I like it! Looks better organized.
 很好！謝謝！Very well, thanks! And you?
我在吃。^u^
 你好!! Hello!!
German plurals are extremely frustrating. Few rules, many exceptions. They said German was logical! Italian has better rules for plurals.
 Buongiorno a te!
RT : Celebrate #WorldHelloDay by learning how to say hello in a different #language. Full image:  http…
RT : The phrase in #Chinese for the New Year literally means "to cross or pass a year". Learn more  ht…
再見 (zai4jian4): Goodbye
對 (dui4): Correct.
但是 (dian4shi4): But (interjection). 
說 (shuo1): to speak.
很 (hen3): very (ex: 很好 very good).
RT : News Giant in Japan Seen as Being Compromised 
 What character is that in the middle? Also, 你好!
I just did a mental tally and realized that in a little over a week I learned (give or take) 60 characters of Chinese. /am stunned
我喜欢你。我不喜欢你。我爱他。我不爱她。 我在煮猪肉。
我在煮猪肉。
我想要吃猪肉。ôuô
Okay, time to test myself on what I remember!
这 (zhe4): This
那 (na4): That
些 (xie1): added to 这 or 那 to form plural forms "these" or "those."
喜欢 (xi3huan1): to like; 我喜欢书 "I like books."
煮 (zhu3): to cook.
做 (zuo4): to do/am doing.
在 (zai4): right now/at this moment; place before verbs to indicate an action is being done at the moment.
我給你打電話 (wo3gei3ni3da3dian4hua4) "I give you a call/telephone you."
我吃了猪肉。(zhu1rou4)
RT : En el Centro Internacional de Ferias y Convenciones de San Salvador la asistencia de votantes ha sido considerable http://t.co/D…
RT : El Salvador vota con la violencia y la pobreza como retos  Siga la jornada electoral con http://t.co/WLe…
我饿了。。。我想要吃。 = ~ =
語 (yu3): language.
RT : Hayao Miyazaki: "La mia favola continua. Sogno ma tengo gli occhi ben aperti" 
你的两本书。我有三本书。我没有六本书。
昨天, 今天, 明天。 Yesterday, today, and tomorrow. Time goes at the beginning of most sentences.
我吃。我吃了。明天我會吃。我會吃。我没有两书。我去。我不去。#Mandarin
马年 (ma3nian2): Year of the Horse
不(bu4) | 没 (mei2) - Particles to indicate a negative reply. 没 is used for 有 (to have) but 不 is used in every other verb instance. #Mandarin
去 (qu4): to go.
哈哈 (haha): the sound of laughing.
的 (de5): particle that shows possession. 红色的书 (hong2se4de5shu1) - red book. #Mandarin
凸 (tu1): protruding
凹 (ao1): concave
#Mandarin
火车 huo3che1 - (fire + car = train)
电脑 dian4nao3 - (electric + brain = computer) #Mandarin
了：The particle that indicates past. Place it after the verb. Ex: 我吃了。(I ate/have eaten.)
昨天 : Tomorrow. #Mandarin
I've eaten - 我吃了 - wo3 chi1 le5. I went - 我去了 - wo3 qu4 le5
意大利语 (yi4da4li4yu3) : Italian Language -- Italy (意大利) + Language (语)
一點兒 : a little. In 普通話，you can say 我會說（一點兒）普通話。 "I speak (a little) Mandarin."
我會說普通話！(I speak Mandarin)
RT : La izquierda exguerrillera busca retener el poder en El Salvador  El FMLN aspira a renovar su mandato
RT : Au Salvador, une présidentielle très indécise sur fond de criminalité et de corruption 
RT : Elecciones en El Salvador: las principales propuestas de Arena y el FMLN: 
RT : exibir-se: to show off: Part of speech:

          verb

        Example sentence:Ele fez aquilo só para exibi... http:…
汉语 - han4yu3, 中文 - zhong1wen2 (Mandarin)
RT : La campaña en El Salvador quedó cerrada y se espera que los ciudadanos decidan el futuro del país el domingo #EdicionNoctu…
RT : Mauricio Funes: “La oligarquía tiene que aprender a convivir con el FMLN” , por  y @jjdalto…
有, 是, 想要, 本, 书, 月, 你好, 谢谢。
我爱你。。。
一 二 三 四 五 六 七。。。
Leggo migliore che parlare in mandarino perché è troppo dificile! Spero di migliorare questo...
Posso parlare in quatro lingue: inglese,spagnolo, portughese ed italiano. Anche un po' di tedesco e mandarino.
汉字: 我想要两本书。一 二 三 四 五 。
Parole italiani: lo scaffale, l'armadio, la scrivania, la fenestra, il forno, il lavadino, la doccia, la vasca, il quadro.
Pratiche italiano: la casa ha un divano, una poltrona, una lampada, un tavolo, un lavastoviglie, un letto, un balcone, un tappeto..
RT : Occhi blu e pelle scura: ecco come erano gli europei del 5000 avanti Cristo 
RT : Cielo azzurro su Milano, il panorama è uno spettacolo  
RT : El Salvador versus El Salvador  Las tensiones internas de un país a siete días de sus elecciones, por @p…
两 (liang3) : number 2 when counting units.
想要 (xiang3yao4): To desire. Ex: 我想要两本书。I want two books.
我有两本书 : I have two books.
Recap: 是 + 有 (exist + have); 我 (I) 你 (you)他 (he) 她 (she) 它 (it). Add 们 (們) to form plural pronouns.
一 | 二 | 三 | 四 : The characters for one, two, three, and four in 汉字.
¡Compré dos libros para estudiar el mandarin! El primero es un diccionario visual y el otro enseña los caracteres chinos.
RT : Kiev, l'offerta di Yanucovich non ferma la protesta: nuovo assalto a palazzi pubblici 
他 | 她 | 它 : The pronouns for He, She, and It in Mandarin.
是 : the character for the verb "to exist" in Mandarin.
們 | 们 : The plural marker for pronouns in traditional and simplified Mandarin.
你: The character for "you" in Mandarin.
Not every #language can be learned the same way:  #polyglot
我 - the character for "I" and "me" in Mandarin.
