我讨厌回家，妈妈总是会逼我大扫除，做家务！我很懒惰啊！我心里所想要的家就是一个很舒服，且可以安心休息的好地方。不是得工作的家！
 对咯！现在唯有先忍气吞声，因为我始终相信“百忍成金”！总有一天，我一定会成功推翻他的。
 我的Head是个没有学历，只有经验，却没有料的咯！我依然还是得听他的。唉，不爽咯！
 新年快乐！收工咯！
 是妳因为染发而造成头皮敏感的吗？
在办公室政治里，心太软的人永远都会是输者！
 my mum not allow me to cut botak too...she said will look like a kid and not professional enough！
 这就是命！
RT : Time flies, people changed!
 发生了什么事？你还好吧？
 don't cry lo...
尽量啦！我想见见妳，且更想见见她哦！一切都靠妳了。嘻～
 好，一言为定！妳们俩如果当天真的得空的话，就要一起来哦！好吧，就希望下次见到妳时，妳已经成熟了20%！应该蛮不错哦！
 对，以前总觉得学历比较重要，出来社会后，才深深的体验到原来工作经验也一样重要！减肥是不可能的啦！我尽量不增肥就是了！
 No，I need to gain for more experience now！
 already include 3 餐 and accommodation wor...I worry ask jor will kena fired！
 坏处是公共假期也得工作，且没有double pay咯！心里不平衡了～
我天天都吃吧生肉骨茶嘛！所以才会钱不够用咯！哈，歹势啦！
 我的女神不用工作吗？哈，如果她陪妳一起来，当然是最好的啦！成熟等于老，妳真的想要吗？
 已经包吃包住了，我还是不够花咯！
 有什么好尴尬的啊？妳本来就是我们班最可爱的那位啊！除非妳出了社会工作后，慢慢成熟了，变成女强人了，就不可爱了咯！我也要跟妳拍照，祈祷妳那天不用工作咯！天公保庇啊～
Honestly，is it RM2.8K already good enough for a fresh graduate？Or should ask for more？
 对啊！会来吗？妳依然还是那么可爱吗？
 go bangsai first and then see how lo...feeling better now？
 妳不胖，且刚刚好，很苗条！年轻就是本钱，不必在意这么多。有自信最美！
 怀念想当年！
 what pattern is that？
Life is too short and I deserve to be happy！
 who？so bad lo...
 妳欠什么？
 妳长大了，不要太依赖姐姐啦！给双方多点空间。或许妳会发现，其实姐姐依然还是疼妳的，只是方式改变罢了！
 怎么妳在吃姐姐男朋友的醋呢？等妳以后拍拖了，当然也会比较有异性没人性的咯！
 妳欠大耳隆咩？
 omg，u kiss someone else？
 Chill...internship is always like that d～
 gain weight 99 tonight！
 sry，tonight sure cannot...I have to join my cousin sister's wedding later and today is also my mum's birthday～damn busy already！
 your darling leh？ask him bring u out for dinner la...
Yes，u r full of experiences，but u don't have any certificate！I won't respect u，because the way u act already r outdated～
I love public holidays，but I damn hate traffic jam！
 哇，好恐怖哦！
 of course la...that why I need to faster settle all my tasks on hand now，then only I able to attend her wedding～
 等妳读大学时，就会认识到更多了。别急，妳肯定是有市场的。
公平、公正、公开，真的有这么难吗？
 妳没人追？还是妳要求过高？
Although u r my Head，but pls don't wish that I m ur good dog...stop dreaming！我也不是省油的灯！
 we both fighting for our own goal together！
 工作压力，大家都有，最重要的是妳要清楚知道妳自己是为了什么目标而努力奋斗的！
 what happen？work pressure？
革命是需要时间的，但牺牲却也是必然的！
 欠亲戚人情，要看亲戚脸色，不是更不好过吗？辛苦妳了～
 妳每天来回，载妳的人不累吗？
 我现在才刚刚放工，准备睡觉咯！
 哇，原来妳在班上是这么不乖的啊！
 回来啦！
RT : Life is so fragile...
 这么多？会不会贪心了点呢？
 妳讨厌谁？
肚子空空值早班是件非常痛苦的事！
I m nice，but I m not stupid...stop acting friend with me after u tikam and cucuk my belakang 99！
 笑口常开，长微笑的人，人也会漂亮点哦！
神啊！请赐予我动力可以吗？今天好懒惰哦！
 No matter it is happiness or sorrow，it will also finally become memories of life…Good Night  and Sweet Dreams～
 my mum also like this lo...
 哭过就好了！睡吧！明天会更好哦！
 Seriously，r u ok？
 this one～
 sure！add me “ZheHoe”
 谁？
 哇，好健康的早晨哦！
 最痛疼的是父母竟然还要求我服侍她，满足她的要求…我真的受不了咯！
我讨厌回家，因为这个家一点都不温暖！
 then u friend with them already lo...？
 Wow，u r so nice～
 what is the mean of u deleted it d？u choose to forget it？
 ur friends abandon u? what happen?
 赞！
 公主殿下，您需要奴才我帮妳传召太医吗？哈～
 怎么啦？加油～
 之前脚，现在牙，妳怎么这么多病痛啊？
 妳的兴趣是什么？
 bank got many benefits and leaves, usually just customers service and selling unit trust (got commission)...
 Public Bank or Hong Leong bank usually 2.8k or above for degree holder...BBQ Plaza at One Utama 2.6k can negotiate some more~
 salary how much de?
I hate my sister who don't respect her own brother me!!!
我就是因为不挑食，所以才会这么胖！
像妳这种明明“乞丐命，却皇帝嘴”，等着吃草吧！
 妳很苗条～我比较胖！
我家的小妹她真的很离谱咯！她自己明明就不是千金小姐，却希望我们全家人像对待公主般的服侍她！受不了咯！
Life is always to short for us to wake up in the morning with regrets~
  aiyer, I really worry lo...luckily~
@ChantelleChen_I din mean u lo... all  said d~
Since u r not a Princess and u r also not born from a rich family background...pls don't hope us to treat u as a 千金!!! wake up la!!!
 just kidding la...don't take it so serious~ 
 下雨了，小心着凉哦！哈～
 yer...u never wash ur stocking is it? haha~ 
aiyo, why those mosquitoes keep biting me only!!! damn itchy la!!!
 u can do it...is not a big challenge for u~
 understanding is always better than memorizing...
  aiyo, both of u can hang out together without me de ma~
  cannot la...too sudden already, my friends will come to visit me and have dinner with me later~
 but most leng lui r long hair d ma...
  can eat anything but not Bak Kut Teh～I already promise Guan Yin not to eat Bak Kut Teh until 2014...
 but ur major is broadcast is it？
My mum scold me for not date her while I watch “White Storm” with my cousin brother just now！She said she love those 3 leng zai of the movie
 save ur money from now and buy a new phone later, pay the phone bill urself as well...then, they have not authority to do so d~
 Wow，where the place？
 yer...sure u look macam a siao zha bo lo？
 haha，macam study marketing is it？
 but at least u got high pay ma...for sure have to sacrifice a bit la...GAMBATEH，everything will b ok soon～
 December is ur Birthday too...
what happen？
 me too...I hate AV papers the most, how can we come out with those creative ideas and answer those exam questions in 3 hours!!!
 what course u r studying now?
 why u said so？what make u think like this？
Sry lo...I m not a gentleman while facing a bitch as u！screw u till the max～
 for me those laws is the worst lo!!!
 Yup, my mum staying at Kuala Selangor and my dad staying at Klang~
 Since when I cheat u jek? u can come here when u free, I bring u see those fireflies la....
 你跳过？
 The place that famous of fireflies and seafood...u can see those fireflies fly together and look like a Christmas tree at night
 Do u know mana Kuala Selangor？
 just mostly about Communication and some Theories，but at least don't have any calculation lo...
Beside seafood，I have nothing to eat here！haizs～
Arghh...why always got second interview session at KL area？I hate traffic jam la！
妈妈看到人家的baby时，总会不停放话给我，问我几时娶？唉，小孩就是妖怪，谁敢生哦？
 WoW, so fierce~
I ask my sister to give me a hand and she said that is not her obligation to do so!!! omg, I really speechless lo!!!
 they change u to another department? or ppl that u dislike change to ur department? when will u going to change job?
 what happen?
 what happen?
RT : “: Life is so much funnier when you have a dirty mind.”
Trust no one because even your shadow will also leave you in darkness!!!
 WoW, now only I know that working at bank can enjoy a lot of leave...not bad~
 什么蠢事呢？
 没事了就好！
 yaloh, why they keep mention that working at bank got more future~
omg, I really don't understand why my mum keep want me to work at bank? haizs!!!
 妳要先学会选择相信别人，别人才会相信妳，接受妳～
 想办法放屁啊！今天好多了吗？
Hey motorcyclists, r u cacat? There is not ur Ah Gong's road!!!
 why no mood to makan?
 哎呀，上次见到妳却忘了问！
 aiyoyo, pity girl...kolian lo...
 drink more warm water, but not mineral water...talk less
 只要眼睛不要长在额头上就好啦！
 good luck~
Opps, sry...I m going for movie now~tata!!!
 haha, luckily I din bring to sell...just finish my meal and on the way home now~
 或许是的亲切感太好了吧！
 过了就算了，不必解释，是我自己kepo罢了！
 小妹妹，妳曾经和高三的哥哥拍过拖？
 WoW, very hor chiak one~
 被吃豆腐啦？
Yes, I m lazy and I rather choose to rest at home also don't want to help u as well...What can u do towards me? u blow me la!!!
 生病，吃辣，不会觉得不好受吗？
 唉，讨厌咯！
 I m facing the same problem as u...my mum always ask me to do what she want immediately and don't even give me a chance to reject
 cut it a bit la~
 贪吃鬼！
天啊！我竟然不吃荤，且还背读大悲咒！这一点都不像我咯！
 谁这么大胆呢？
@金山词霸 #每日一句#微笑是人与人之间最短的距离。A smile is the shortest distance between two people. 查看更多请点击这里  
 加多宝 is 中国好声音 The Voice China main sponsor...is a kind of 凉茶！
 drink 王老吉 or 加多宝...don't talk so much today~
Holy Shit, all jobs that I had apply want me to start working on February...crazy meh? Sure I rejected all la...what can I do now?
 me too...still goyang kaki at house~
 加油！
 你几时开始这么有幽默感的呢？好好笑哦！
鱼肉和熊掌，真的难以取舍啊！
中国，福建永春省的“情人桥”！哇，好漂亮哦！ 
中国人驾车好牛哦！只会一直不停的按horn，但却不会停车...果然，他们还是比较适合驾"牛车"咯！
 当然啦！我参加了一个佛学会的义工！
连续吃了两个礼拜的素食，现在吃回肉还真有点不习惯啊！
 where? Intro pls...
包吃包住的工作还真难找啊！
 apa horliao had u eaten?
 where r u study now? Luckily, u din come UTAR lo...
 hello leng lui~
 哈，天底下没有不劳而获！
 me too...if my parents r rich enough, I wish to study and enjoy Campus life at overseas all the time!!!
 haha, u still wish to continue study arh...?
 ask him buy u one lo...
 鸡蛋糕，我们都是一样年轻的哦！
 唉，不认老都不行了！讨厌~
 but at least he made u feel excited first ma...
 什么梦哦？
 he is very funny lo...
 then how can u stop worry leh? I m damn nervous leh...never feel so unsafe as now before!!!
 omg, me too...now I can register successfully!!! holy shit!!! why???
 it mention car registration number already not exist wor~
 my study session is 2013/05, but I can type all my details on the car park registration too, just keep failing to register only~
 April of 2014~
 can't register~
 because can't register for car park sticker? haha, me too...
 yup, damn nice to watch
 u will stay at Ipoh for how many days this time?
 哎哟，笑一笑，没什么大不了！
 ask him fetch u lo...then both of u can eat breakfast together every morning...Wow, so sweet~
Face ur past without regret, 
Handle ur present with confidence!
 Wow, means u r a model now?
 what company r u working at? So nice lo...
 timpang ur boyfriend car and seldom drive lo
