RT : 年初一马华就等不及闹笑话。马华「总会讲」廖中来说不排除派李宗伟加影补选对壘安华。嗯，我想派罗死马上阵会更有＂笑＂果。 

欢迎大家按赞(Like) 及分享(Share), 把讯息广传出去！... 
 土著同包现在通通都找不到吃，所以就去看一下有没有免费的咯..
RT : A very special new year gift fr a friend - handmade "UBAH" handbag 
RT : The job with Aimia is on. Very exciting. Big card now one million members.With aimia we aim to move it to 5 million. htt…
 take a good rest yb..
RT : Balik kampung ke Melaka utk sambutan tahun baru Cina bersama keluarga. 新年进步！
 haha..great..long time didnt see ur tweet...
 Dato,today F1 race in which country?
RT : You know how we like to be different... Never afraid to stand out in a crowd! 
 u shut up k!
 selamat pagi dan salam satu kangkung..GONG XI FA CAI! ;-)
RT : 新年快乐! 恭喜发财! 万事如意!
RT : President Obama will deliver the State of the Union on Tuesday night. What are you excited to hear? …
 wrong date!
 yb,你的日期写错了！
RT : Negara dlm krisis. Ini dia Perdana Menteri 1 Kangkung Malaysia. Terima kasih, pengundi BN.

欢迎大家按赞(Like)... http://t.co/hPR…
RT : 甲巴央行动党今晚主办免费电影招待会： "勇气＂。谢谢所有出席的怡保巿民及义务幇忙的工作人员。Terima kasih. 
RT : At Selangor state Ponggal event officiated by  in Klg. Klg 3rd bridge to be launched in March. http://t.co/hNDz…
RT : 牛婆养牛丑闻不当一回事、巴生自贸区百亿丑闻也是没有事；个个肥嘟嘟、人民瘦巴巴，请问：还有那个白痴相信国阵会粛贪？！ 

欢迎大家按赞(Like) 及分享(Share), 把讯息广传出去！... 
RT : 马华妇女组逛菜巿为蕹菜打价说是＂抗通膨＂，民政妇女组却去办竞跑说是＂反贪污＂；朋友，走巴刹物价会降吗？去跑步贪污会少吗？两个巫统马仔政党，都当人民是白痴。 

欢迎大家按赞(Like) 及分享(Share),... http://t.co/yhB…
 这种脑残叫她们去klcc最高那层跳下来，然后回荷兰去算了！
 cube ds pergi siasat harga barangan kat pasar borong selayang!semua harga brg naik berbanding 2 thn lalu..ds tau apa???
RT : Pertandingam Futsal Piala saya berlangsung pada hari ini dan pesok, terdapat 28 pasukan menyertai! http://t.co/C6LcufmK…
RT : Sdr ChongJenRen, Sarawak Chairman kick start d fund raising dinner 4Impian Sabah &amp; Swk   http://t.…
RT : 虽然大马立国是三大民族的功劳，纳吉今天竟允许污桶党员公开髙举＂马来西亚是属于马来人＂的煽动布条。朋友，国阵还有希望吗？对不起，我看不到。 
RT : Yesterday President Obama launched a White House task force to address sexual assault on college campuses. http://t.co/RyS…
RT : Apa dirindu, apa dikenang, 
cincin tunangan terlorot sudah; 
tetiba diri menjerit menang, 
padahal padang tak sama rata.
RT : 今天接受My TV专访，我强调政府必须实行问责制，任何政府工程须有官员负责，只有赏罰分明才能贯彻专业精神、不挥霍、不浪费。 
RT :    at Court of Appeal Putrajaya to support Beng Hock's family for their appeal http://t.co…
RT : 污桶教育部长木鱿钉今日在英国伦敦很大声的说："教育政策须平等！！＂朋友，看回国内华教的困境，你不讲还好，一讲出来华社连去年吃的饭都要吐出来了。 
 这叫“捧懒趴”。
RT : UMNO supporters in action agst a senior Malay govt officer doing his duty  even tho protected by 35 police n no shame htt…
RT : 谢谢我的妻子一路以来给我的爱和支持，让我可以坚强勇敢的走下去！
Thanks to my sweetheart for always giving me LOVE &amp; support. It make me strong... http://t…
RT : . and I released our Annual Letter. Read how life is improving around the world: 
RT : Nampak Zambry &amp; Zahid bersama Anwar tahun1998 dlm gambar ini ? 
RT : Our new logo. 
RT : 
RT : The Caterham brutus 750 
 ingat juga jgn byk mkn sayur kangkung,nanti kaki lembik..
RT : RT: Demo by UMNO &amp; racial remarks is ok and no action taken?    http://t.co…
 for kangkung...
RT : Piala futsal Adun Piasau on 25 and 26 Jan, 2014. 
RT : Japan Government must explain why they barred  fr entering. Foreign Minister Msia as well.
RT : At Taman Tunku, Miri with Ketua Pemuda Pas Suhaizan, PKR ,  etc for programme bual bicara Pakatan…
RT : Stay tuned to our tweets tomorrow (20/1)! We have updates on something #Kuching &amp; Kota Bharu related! :) #AirAsia
RT : Tindakan x waras puak UMNO yg tinggal saki baki &amp; Sisa fitnah yg berdusta. Adakah Ini Transformasi? 
 tis is monster,head too big...
RT : Perdana Menteri dapat #kangkung percuma lagi... We love PM~ 
RT : 入鄉需隨俗，入境需依法，大家萬萬不可忘記。... 
 happy birthday madam!
RT : Happy birthday, . Thank you for all that you do. 
RT : 人民吃蕹菜，污桶丁州大臣却不顾人民疾苦于本周六率团去南极洲＂考察＂15天。妈妈咪呀！考察学企鹅走路咩？！ 

欢迎大家按赞(Like) 及分享(Share), 把讯息广传出去！... 
 这班家伙早就可以送去士毛月的富贵山庄了！
RT : 马华前总会长蔡细历今日出示白纸黑字直指现任＂总会讲＂廖中来是一个没有信用、出尔反尔、诚信破产的人。蔡CD一言惊醒梦中人:请问谁还敢相信马华？还没被骗够吗？ 

欢迎大家按赞(Like) 及分享(Share), 把讯息广传出去！... http:/…
RT : Chua CD say MCA president Liow has x credibility but Liow accuse him morally bankrupt. Hmm... Transformasi. http://t.co/VlV…
RT : 蔡细历指廖中来「诚信破产」，廖中来又指老蔡「道德破产」。一个诚信破产、一个道德破产，马华这条破船也真够.........？！ 
RT : Tune in at 11:20 a.m. ET to watch the President and the First Lady speak about expanding college opportunity: http://t.co/…
RT :     Wooooooosh. Kids. High fever. Never ending meets. Tsokey
RT :  I hope their temperature under control tonight &amp; that you get some sleep too. Havoc when both hv fever.
 jaga jaga,takut denggi..u know wat,the place i stay wangsa maju here now famous with denggi..
RT : “:Police crime figures lose officl sttus ovr fiddling claims ”familiar  ?
RT : Berhujahlah semerdu suara, 
jika berpantun, biar berihsan. 
Cuma iklim jangan dipersenda; 
memang di luar kuasa insan.
 u know now all hospital parking fee already make ppl feel very heavy..u c gh kl also.i park one hour they charge me 3 ringgit..
RT : This woman was complaining about the charges of a famous veterinary hospital being too high. 
RT : Mohd Nur Amjad Bin Mohd Ridza. Umur 13 thn disyaki hilang dikawasan Hulu Langat/Kajang. Tolong RT. 
RT : 农历新年快到来,我们催促警察,竭尽所能提防犯罪。
RT : #kangkung lunch with MP kampar Dr Ko. The boss didnt tell us the price drop! 
RT : Ini minuman terbaru selepas PM UMNO Najib kata "Kangkung turun harga". Hmm...sedap &amp; berkhasiat.

欢迎大家按赞(Like)... http://t.…
RT : When you arrive home, wait for the gates to close fully before coming down from the car.
RT : Tahniah kpd . PM Kangkung 1Msia mendpt sambutan luar biasa. Hidup kangkung!
RT : 陈广才被控欺骗内阁案／控方考量了辩方申请撤销案件的陈情书后，决定撤销被告3项控罪，他当庭无罪释放。哗！又没事了！大家怎么说？
RT : Flying bck to Miri after 4 hrs long state committee meeting.
RT : Members fr dap Johore very discipline. All back to the hall in time. We start at 2pm as schedule. Well done! http://t.co/JJ…
RT : Iban group@Sarawak slam Najib 4not honouring the 10 point agreement despite being the signatory.Why vote BN? http://t.co/NN…
RT : Selepas salat Jumaat d Masjidil Haram semalam. Kali ke3 salat Subuh &amp; Jumaat d Mekah. Nikmatnya! Malam balik M'sia. http:/…
RT : RT:Kena usik by  this morning at JOHOR DAP state Conv    htt…
RT : 神秘枪手的行为根本就是在向警方宣战！
警方必需动用全部资源人力来全面调查打击他们、不能让这些恶徒如此猖狂！ 
RT : Good morning everyone! Have a wonderful Sunday with your family.
RT : RT: Bukti BN telah kurangkan beban rakyat... 
RT : And thank you to all the away fans for making the journey. You sounded awesome on the radio. Thanks.
RT : Keep the faith. Long way to go. But Portman Road not a great place to go to so to win in that way was great. Kudos to Ha…
RT : Lost my iPhone 5 at a 5 star hotel in Kl. Almost paralysed!
RT : Mengapa harga pasaran antarabangsa gula kini RM1.65 sekilo tapi di M'sia jual RM2.84 sekilo? @najibrazak http://t.co/3vKS7R…
RT : 今晚我在适耕荘呼吁首相纳吉履行大选承诺，下降大道过路费及车价，不要大选前＂一诺千金＂，大选后就变成「一落千斤」。 
RT : No Hard Rock in Putrajaya. Elsewhere ok. No "Allah" in Peninsular. Sabah Swak ok. No Syiah in Msia. In Mekah ok. Transformat…
RT : 为了协助雪州行动党，今晚又将来回跋涉500公里赴适耕莊为党演讲站台，下个月将飞赴砂州为该州同志助阵。同志们，让我们团结一致，努力迈向布城，改朝換代---创新天！ 
RT : Government servants are named civil service also because their salaries were paid by the people to serve the people.
 lagi baik kalau dia jawab Rosmah yg pakai cincin Najib yg naik jet dan Salizah yg pelihara lembu dlm condol...
RT : RT: Kids are already taught to hate    in early age itself! 
 wat number is tat?
 should say,ISHA ALLAH,hope can get my tender..after that isa come find u again cause u use ALLAH words.. ;-)
RT : 2day rcvd call fr Mu Thsun Vui's dad, he wants me 2 tell him whn can police solve d case. Miri police must perform! Sen…
 不只是bukit bintang的。pwtc还有petaling street的也都一样。他们的嘴巴就是计算表。不过没用的，我投诉过了，还不是一样！
 是不是他们的服务与态度很差？
RT : Cartoon Zunar: MARI IKAT TALI PINGGANG. 
RT : Daripada Utusan Malaysia, rakyat Malaysia digesa jangan bermimpi lagi. 
 不知首相夫人的需不需要叻。。。
RT : 教育局规定全部学校毎一间课室须悬挂元首、元首后、首相、教长、大臣或首长5人的人头照，但是民联州首长及大臣除外。朋友，每间课室掛人头照，一间学校要买几百张大头照，这难道不是劳民伤财？！ 
RT : Infographic | For Umno leaders, money do drop from the sky… | Lucky Raja Ropiah ;-) pls RT 
RT : TMI reported all schools classroom is to portray leader's photo except Pakatan state, to instil patriotism. http://t.co/qDd…
RT : Sila berdatang ramai-ramai        http://t.c…

RT : 阿鸡哥继去年穿唐装打鼓后，今年又用公款派送印上他名字肖像的红包封企图来＂引诱＂华人。政策不平等、治安一团糟、物价碰碰升，鸡哥啊，你到底在搞啥啊？ 
RT : 国阵于2015年愚人节开始将推行消费税，但是现在就先花二亿两白银去宣传这个先进税。如果消费税真的很好康，政府还有必要丢二亿元打广告为它塗脂抹粉吗？真是：未成先进国，先征＂先尽税＂。 
 这种政府请mohamad ali来对付都假的。只有人民的一人一票，才能把这些废材送到富贵山庄去！哈！
RT : 国阵的腐败举世闻名，看来要改朝換代、重见天日非得请这位仁兄出马不可。哈！ 
RT : At the dinner of Jabatan Audit Negara, KL. 晚间国家稽查部设宴招待。 
RT : Hi  barangan keperluan pendalaman di Sabah Swak mahal kini sebab KPDNKK belum lantik pengedar, WHY?@HasanMal…
RT : RY@VisitPenang: CNY is coming. Be prepared to be asked by relatives about school, marriage, kids and etc. Haha. http://t.…
RT : LIVE: President Obama on why Congress should renew unemployment insurance.  #RenewUI
RT : 'ALLAH' exposes Umno's desperation to survive &amp; the HERD MENTALITY of Malays, so do x fall into umno's trap. http://t.co/1d…
RT : 46歲撿荒者阿都阿茲（左）在家中虐死12歲養女，謀殺罪名成立，週二在新山高庭被判以絞刑致死。阿都阿茲收養了4名兒女，被虐死的是排行第二的養女，身有殘疾。高庭法官宣判時痛斥被告“殘忍、毫無人性，應受到應有的懲罰”。被告聞判目無表情... h…
RT : Jom Like FB Harakahdaily 
RT : Protect &amp; uphold our rich diversity. We are unique &amp; above all, special. That is why we are --truly Asia. http://t.co/YWtQR…
RT : I admire Datuk. Marina Mahathir.Someone who has the courage to speak what she believes.World is to competitive.We should…
RT : Congrats to Sister's of Islam and especially Marina Mahathir.  Life is much better if we all work together. http://t.co/…
RT : 国会漏水。装修工程于2011年开始,说是将于2016年2月竣工,费用5亿2千万令吉。这是装修,不是重建。为和需要五年? 图测改了多少次? 什么是事实? 我们需要透明与可信赖。
RT : Anak muda, kamu perolehi apa yg kamu tuntut. Hasilnya tak kan datang bergolek. Ia menuntut perjuangan. Dan perjuangan m…
RT : Today is a great day to #GetCovered. Enroll now: 
RT : 马币于2013年贬值7.5%, 年度表现全东南亚倒数第三；这证明那鸡治国无方、管理太差

欢迎大家按赞(Like) 及分享(Share), 把讯息广传出去！... 
RT : Many have shared their wonderful memories of 2013 on Instagram! Don't forget to share yours &amp; include #AirAsiaFlashback2013 to…
RT : Ringgit depreciate 7.5% in 2013,bottom three among 10 ASEAN country,strong proof that M'sia economy is weak.... http://t.co…
RT : “忍耐” vs “无奈”
RT : Performance management must be given top priority. Group picture with Penang Island Municipal Councillors after... http://…
RT : ": KEMATIAN PELAJAR UNIVERSITI CURTIN SARAWAK DISIASAT" Saya mohon KPN  mengarahkan pertubuhan taskforce…
RT : Jika kita sayangkan agama, jangan biarkan samseng, macai dan penjual agama mewakili agama kita. 

If we love our... http://…
RT : 巫统又出千！咀说＂禁止＂党员到教堂示威、可是愈百污桶人今天主日却公开到教堂外叫囂，肆意破坏我国最珍贵的宗教与种族和谐。朋友，为了下一代与我们的祖国，只有让巫统倒，国家才会有新生！！ 
RT : Cancelled 2 appointments in KL to rush back to Kulai in order to attend a press conference with Dr Boo this... http://t.co…
RT : Had my dinner at the hawker centre besides Jusco Cheras Selatan last night. Ordered a plate of carrot cake, and... http://…
RT : Saya ingat orang UMNO dan Perkasa harus berhimpun bantah kenaikan harag apabila mereka yg paling terhimpit dgn inflasi iala…
RT : Parents arrived Miri, we demand Bukit Aman 2 send taskforce 2 solve this case    http:/…
RT : Anak muda harus jadi golongan pendesak yg kuat terhdp kenaikan kos hidup&amp;pemborosan kerajaan. Masa Ubah!!! http://t.co/zSjg…
RT : Bila rakyat menderita, dimana kerajaan?@najibrazak 
RT : Minta perhatian  satu kes bunuh berlaku di Miri, seorang pelajar universiti dibunuh dipercayai oleh pencuri.
RT : In the weekly address, President Obama calls on Congress to make extending unemployment insurance their top priority: http…
RT : Attending my piano teacher, Jimmy Nga's piano concert at my home church, simply outstanding performance.... http://t.co/WUa…
RT : 自大马步入纳吉时代后，我国正一步一步走向破产之路；真是「祸国殃民、债留后代」！ 
RT : Miri Curtin student fr Sandakan found dead inside house 2day, believed killed by break in thieves lst nite. Sad case! @…
RT : Tuan  Pelajar (mangsa) asal dr Sandakan dan belajar di Curtin University, kes iperlu solve cepat demi kslmatan s…
RT : Tuan KPN  Saya dgn rendah diri mohon siasatan oleh pasukan Denis Leong dlm kes bunuh pelajar Curtin, Leong perna…
RT : 面对民间对政府批准物价上涨强烈反弹，巫统宣传主任阿末马死兰声称世上没有任何政府比国阵更关心人民。呼！真是＂朝中无大将、废才一大堆。＂

欢迎大家按赞(Like) 及分享(Share), 把讯息广传出去！... http://t.co/DWMpgN…
RT : Tuan KPN , petang tadi di kws Curtin University Miri seorang pelajar berusia 19 dijumpa mati dipukul dlm rumah, …
RT : 巫统宣传主任兼副财长阿末马死兰说＂世上没有比国阵更好的政府＂。咦？这个人是不是刚从原始人洞穴内爬出来的？！ 
RT : 亲巫统的霹州宗教司哈鲁沙尼坚持他认同「血腥镇压」抗议涨价集会者的言论并坚持不会改变立场。嗯，污桶内个个脸皮厚如牛皮，那有一个会认错悔改的？ 
RT : 马华党选后蔡派全部被廖派发放边疆；廖中来的＂海纳百川＂沦为笑话。嗯，其实马华谁当总会讲还不是一样充当巫统的车前卒？面对巫统的种族歧视，马华做了什么？ 
RT : Di Pusat Khidmat Parlimen Batu Gajah, membuat persediaan untuk program Derma Darah 2014 anjuran Pusat Khidmat Parlimen Batu…
RT : Wajarlah kita terasa segan 
sebaik ditanyai Tan Zhong Yan: 
Adakah sini Menteri Perdana 
kerana lidah macam kelu, ma?
RT : Thenew headmaster of Epsom College Malaysia.Today we show the media our amazing school.Super headmaster Martin George ht…
RT :  I think most of Malaysians are behind AirAsia which promotes efficiency at all counts! I am!
RT : When Malaysians welcome the new year in BLACK, this marked the beginning of the end 4 the BN regime.... http://t.co/KTXNGWo…
RT : Learn the wisdom, welcome the new year, cheers to all. 

欢迎大家按赞(Like) 及分享(Share), 把讯息广传出去！... 
RT : Singapura turun kadar elektrik, Kerajaan BN di Malaysia terus beban rakyat 
RT : 2014年的首日，成千上万的大马儿女以黑衣参与集会抗议物价髙涨并以唱国歌结束和平集会。这证明大马人民已日益成熟，应该学习及反省的是国阵政府。

欢迎大家按赞(Like) 及分享(Share), 把讯息广传出去！... http://t.co/Al…
RT : Timbalan PM Muhyddin minta rakyat Jgn nilai krjn BN dgn kenaikan harga.Perut kosong &amp;kocek kering, mcm mana?... http://t.co…
RT : Dua sahabat maut. Batu 9, Jalan Kuching Serian. Balik parti tahun baru. Kejadian pagi tadi pukul 5 pagi. Sayangi nyawa a…
RT : Apabila tiada tindakan keras polis atau gagal provokasi pihak diupah, pasti himpunan rakyat brjalan aman. Apa perlu polis…
RT : DBKL lantik Alam Flora utk menjalan syesen pemindahan sampah di Tmn Beringin Kepong. Ia mesti menjelas di mana operatornya &amp; …
RT : 年紀雖小，毅力不小，斷臂天使小鈺珊懂事又乖巧，積極又樂觀，是我們學習的好榜樣。祝願她一生平安健康，快快樂樂長大。... 
RT : Hi  when wil KL-MYY route resumed after it was suspended months ago? Please enligthen, thank you.
RT : Hi  pls respect wakil rakyat fr both sides, invite them for ur events.
RT : Hi  pls consider MYY - PG route, get it implemented this year, thank you. Cc 
RT : "先天下之忧而忧、后天下之乐而乐！＂倪可敏在此祝福你元旦快乐、新年蒙恩蒙福。 
RT : 新年快乐!
RT : Selamat menyambut tahun melawat Malaysia 2014, tahun derita Rakyat, Janji Dicapati. 

欢迎大家按赞(Like) 及分享(Share),... http://t.…
RT : Where will you stand in 2014? Say you're in:  
RT : I have never once in agreement with Mahathir except when he said, "Umno is now a stupider party with stupid leaders." A…
RT : Sdr Yusuf Baharuddin telah ditahan untuk disoal siasat sekejap tadi berikutan posting ugutan bunuh terhadap KM Sarawak Abdu…
RT : Rasa syukur dan gembira kerana ADN BN (Pembangkang) menyertai mesyuarat JP-PADAT buat kali pertama pagi ini. Demokrasi subu…
RT : ..tahniah buat mereka yang menjadi orang besar negara beberapa tahun tapi anak-anak mereka sudah mampu membeli... http://t.c…
RT : 首相拿督斯里纳吉公布11个节约措施,诸如减少部长以下招待费用10%。我们看着执行的效率。
RT : Perhimpunan anjuran BN sudah tentu ada cabut an bertuah &amp; K-pop. “:   ada cabutan bertuah ke?”
RT : YAB Najib wants 11 cost-cutting measures like reducing entertainment cost by 10% for ministers &amp; below. We look at effective …
RT : YAB Najib umum 11 langkah utk mengurang perbelanjaan Kerajaan spt elaun peraian dikurang 10% utk menteri ke bawah. kita lihat…
RT : Mujur negara aman..esok boleh demonstrasi..hehe : Gerakan terbesar dari rakyat untuk rakyat demi rakyat! Ayuh TURUN…
RT : Sesiapa yg kata, join perhimpunan Dataran Merdeka ertinya menggulingkan kerajaan, adalah tergolong bahlol paling bebal.
RT : RM4.3 juta untuk mangsa banjir di Kuantan ... RM15 juta pulak untuk sambutan tahun baru 2014! Sbb tue kami Turun Dtrn M…
RT : Sebaik sampai di Airport Kuching kawan yg memandu kami,Yusof ditahan sekumpulan Polis dan dibawa ke Balai Simpang 3,Kuching …
RT : Antara 3 checkpoint Sogo, MasjidJamek dan Pasar Seni, SAMM akan bermula di Pasar Seni(CM). Ayuh bersama SAMM jam 9pm di Pa…
RT : PKR strategic director Rafizi Ramli has been hauled in to the Dang Wangi police headquarters here to be questioned... …
RT : Saya minta maaf jarang layan twitter akhir2 ini. Kadang2 sbb bom. Tp sebenarnya sbb malam2 kena tolong2 jaga baby ha3. Kur…
 creative!
RT : “: “: CEPAT!nak T-shirt contact bajuhipster@gmail.com - RM39 ”” benarkah??
RT : Had my game of the year. :) 17-14, 17-16. What a way to end 2013. Haha! Happy! 
RT : Sila lihat, Antara Kartoon terbaik 2013, 本年度最佳漫画之一：-- 
RT : Siapa akan gulingkan PM Najib 31 Dis - rakyat, pembangkang atau Mahathir? 
RT : Students obtained bombs? I was once charged &amp; arrested under ISA for stocking up bombs &amp; firearms at the eve of Black14. #RPD…
RT : Perhimpunan #RPDM31D malam esok adalah tanggungjawab bersama.Jgn letakkan tanggungjawab pd pihak lain.Letakkan tanggungjwb a…
RT : DATARAN MERDEKA 20/9/1998 |
100,000 berkumpul dalam perhimpunan gerakan Reformasi, IGP Rahim Nor kata ini percubaan gul…
RT : DATARAN MERDEKA 3/12/1974 |
50,000 mahasiswa protes kemiskinan rakyat Baling, Menteri Pelajaran Mahathir kata ini percu…
RT : 
RT : RT : . Happy newyear and let's go to dataran and black out the whole dataran. #RPDM31D
RT : Romantic dinner with beloved wife for our anniversary. Don't be jealous ;-) 
RT : Ayuh kita mulakan trending kita pada malam ini - #RPDM31D #RakyatPilihDataranMerdeka31Dis"
RT : Pelik &amp;nampak sangat tak...nya! Bolihkah dgn hnya brhimpun di dataran merdeka,dapat mengguling kerajaan? Takanlah kerajaan BN …
RT : My thoughts are with Michael and his family. It's inconceivable to think F1 or bike racing could be safer then skiing. #he…
RT : Tiap2 tahun, ~ 4 juta orang behimpun di padang arafah dan di Mekah, adakah terguling kerajaan arab saudi? Kukuh lagi ada!
RT : #RPDM31D #RPDM31D #RPDM31D #RPDM31D #RPDM31D #RPDM31D #RakyatPilihDataranMerdeka31Dis #RPDM31D #RPDM31D #RPDM31D  #RPDM31D…
RT : Trending now - 'Rakyat Pilih Dataran Merdeka 31 Disember' #RPDM31D 
Revolusi Malaysia Ambang 2014!  
RT : Kos kehidupan &amp; pengurangan harga barangan/khidmat asas serta utiliti hanya akan dapat dibendung melalui penukaran &amp; perubahan…
RT : One of the most absurd news in 2013 : 本年度最荒谬新闻之一：大马反贪会自称无权调查纳吉继子耗愈一亿令吉购买纽约豪华公寓亊件。

欢迎大家按赞(Like) 及分享(Share),... http://t.co/…
