大家人日快乐! :D 
What is something you want right now? — My close friends :'( 
Starting to miss everyone in secondary school.. :'(
Feeling like shit right now..
So dam pissed right now..
 oh i see i see :)
 yep. But very sian..
 tpjc.
Kinda boring :/
 thank you mam'am!! :)
Thinking of it A levels is in one year plus time.. :(
Had been a long time since i woke up this early. :/
 tpjc. You? :)
Good night ppl :)
first 3 likers get 10 likess? — I don't get you :/ 
DESCRIBE THALIA ((I EXPECT A LONG ONE)) — Hahaha :D hmm where shall I begin.. Thalia is a charming person i can ... 
Is there one person in your life that can always make you smile? — Hahaha definitely ;) 
Hello~  Police Emergency, how can I help? :) 
woo siren at this time :o
 welcome. Just Try not to think of the unpleasant things :)
 it's late, go have a good rest. :)
   hahaha thank you thank you! :D
   some things related to the job you all working.
 不敢当! 不敢当!! 你才是老大 ;)
 hahaha! :D Go rest la tmr got school
  oh ok ok
  meaning? O.o
 Aye!! XD
  oh..
 Welcome hahaha :)
   Gangster what happened?? :O 老大！！！ 你不能死啊！！！ :'(
 Get well soon :)
 哈哈哈！
 那看你奶奶和看我老妈几时有空再去吃吧：D
 孝顺你的屁股！我是你老妈那你就做我奶奶咯 ：）
 我老妈那是毕业典礼！！ 下次请你吃顿饭吧你奶奶：）
 生日再给！
 yep 8 in the morning.. :/
The past is a ghost, the future a dream. All we ever have is now. –Bill Cosby
 what is it abt? :o
Ask me a question  :)
the twitter on computer looks abit Or Biang leh..
Went out yesterday and got the chance to see an ambulance turn out at central fire station! Soooo cool!! :D
 Most welcome!! :D
 Pure History Buddy!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :D May all wishes come true!! ;)
 Lucky Whatsapp still can use.. phew!
 ya lor! :/ I thought my phone spoil.. uhh..
Stupid M1...
Could you go for the rest of your life without drinking alcohol? — Yes. :) 
  hahaha! 不要讲华语! Ok :D நாம் தமிழ் பேசுகிறோம்
  ya that's quite a big step in life! 所谓: 学无止境!
  hahaha!
  活到老, 学到老!
  gong gong slowly can be kiang kiang hor!
  I learning ok!
  oh hum!!
  not hump meh?
  I dont even know how to hump the beat.. :/
  how tell you when i myself dont know they singing what :(
 they go le.. :/
Maybe i should go down and ask the Indian workers the song name!!!
My gosh!!! That Tamil song sounds so nice!!! :D
 hahaha
Cough until I wanna die..
Ask me a question 
Uhh.. falling sick..
Good night ppl :)
大家晚安 :)
Hello~ 过年几 happy 有没有?
Had a long day out.
Backed home..
Ask me a question  :)
Three siblings Going out on 初三! :) Oh and the person at the back Sexy Pose! ;) I Like! 
Going out :)
Lion dance! :D 
Who is the biggest gossiper you know? — HAHAHA! YOU KNOW I KNOW! ;) 
Good morning ppl :)
Good night ppl :)
 see how ah.. :/
Lion dance on 初二 by 岭南 :) 
 hahaha welcome!
初二的 outfit ;) Like this shirt alot! :D 
MUST BRING THE 2 DUA DUA LIAP?? — Hahaha no need dua dua liap la. Xiao yi si bai nian jiu hao le :D 
CAN WE PLAY BLACKJACK TMR NO RIGHT — you bring cards lor. hahaha 
Ahh Great day today! :)
Ask me a question  :)
What’s the last sport event you watched? — On tv is basketball :) 
Happy Chinese New Year! :D May All Be Happy and Healthy! ;) 
 Thank you! Same to you! : D
 Welcome! :)
 welcome :) and thank you too hahaha :D
 try not to let others affect your mood. It's a happy day. :) Happy Chinese New Yesr to you! :)
Good morning ppl :)
 Happy birthday! :) May all wishes come true! :D
 Happy birthday and happy Chinese new year! :) May all wishes come true! :D
Wishing All a blissful Chinese new year! :)
不能让他们逍遥法外, 伤及无辜的人!
一定要将犯罪者绳之以法!
Could have make an arrest!
Dam why did the police responded so slow! :((
 :D
Had a short ph chat with  :) kinda lighten my day :)
Ask me a question  :D
 I see I see hahaha :D
Aft CNY when I go to school the teachers are going to say: "you put on weight ah!"
Long time since I had such a full dinner XD
I have to Change myself as others change.
Hai... third time ambulance have been in my area because of fights..
CNY eve so many fights going on...
  oh. Hahaha :D
 you Buddhist? :)
Which is to be a happy person..
There is one thing I really need to learn..
压岁钱 :) 
 hahaha thank you too :)
Ask me a question  :)
HTA  VISTOR CHOP.. :) 
 Happy birthday! :) May All Wishes Come True ;) &amp; A Happy Chinese New Year! :D
 try too!! If not you no energy drum tmr! &gt;.&lt;
 hahaha XD
 panda? :O
Stalking sam!
 aww!! :') ♥♥
 咳。。
 自己的私事
骗得了一时, 骗不了一世!
你走着瞧吧。。
早晚事实一定水落石出的!
别在自欺欺人了。
 :D hahaha
 hahaha! Then same u? XD
 yeah man!
 that will be great! :D
SCDF Ambulance 
What school u going? — Still unsure.  But I put TPJC as first choice :) 
Horoscope predictions for 2014 - Yahoo Entertainment Singapore 
Yo woo Ask me a question  :)
Which Ask.fm gift would you like to receive? — I dont remember receiving any :p 
Good morning ppl :)
Should i put colgate? :/
Burnt area starting to feel pain again...
ahhh
 aww!! :') you are a fun and nice friend to annoy too ;)
2-2!!
how bout 1 group of people from CIBTC? — My ATC Group! :) 
who will you miss the most from CIBTC? 5 people — Difficult leh.. actually i miss everyone i know in CIBTC. Caus... 
 welcome! :)
Hide for two years arh henlia. Tsk3! Haha shop sweet. When's the baby coming? — ? 
Who will you miss the most from BDS? 5 people — I will make it 5 groups of ppl ;) 
1. Teachers
2. Office staffs
... 
I am wonder-man.. I wonder too much..
 Happy birthday! :) May all wishes come true! :)
  hahaha! True true :/ I do miss school :(
Saw a government letter and I thought was my posting... cheat my feeling
But is alright cause i am not a person who let ppl understand easily
No one seem to really understand me..
Maybe that's just me..
When something happens, I like to think of the worst case scenario..
And if were to start talking to myself, I bet the bus captain would be totally freaked out!! XD
Only bus captain and myself!
Whole bus to myself!
Quite a pissed off day today..
How did you manage to put up with Erfan? — Ppl might dislike him but let me tell you he has a kind heart! He is ... 
Ask me a question  ;)
Good morning ppl :)
What was your favorite TV show when you were a kid? — Power ranger,  ultraman, tom and jerry, power puff girls e... 
Go reflect and ask yourself why
Another bottle to my collection! ♥ Can say it's like a present for me ;) 
Running some errands..
On the train to orchard.
Ask me a question  :D
The same old line since the day I know how to talk hahaha!
Mother say if carpark attendant come tell the person mother stomach ache go toilet XD
 :D
 aiya siren not always can hear de :p
Hahaha got this promoter when explaining the product to my mom suddenly start to spray the thing on the car windscreen XD
Siren.... :o
Ask me a question   :)
Went to sent CNY hamper woo :)
Good morning ppl :)
How old were you when you learned how to ride a bike? — For a two wheel bike, was when i was in primary 6  
Yesterday, 2501, was our Two years! :) Hahaha two years with my sweetheart, all the laughter and… 
Why is SMRT lying on their Facebook Page? 
  hahaha self praise is no praise XD must practice more!
What one thing do you need to do next? — I not sure :p 
Good night ppl :)
Had a really great day today! :'D
 Cool!!! :D
 yep!! :)
Didn't know that scissors, paper, stone can be so fun! :D
Salted or sweet popcorn? — Sweet!! :) 
你好吗harry？我是从印度来的，名字叫做阿里爸爸 ：） — 我叫啊里妈妈 ;) 
Are you aware that your Chinese Language is stronger than your English Language? — I know that. Hahaha :D 
Presenting to you CCC Preliminary Boys! :) Good job boys!! :D Done our unit proud!! ;) 
All the best To CCC Boys BDS NPCC!! :)
:O 
Good morning ppl :)
 那个不是圆的。:o
Selamat malam :)
大家晚安 :)
நல்ல இரவு :)
