我不是喝酒的料~ Lol
不知是不是喝了少许的酒?
不知为何今晚这个时间那么 sleepy.. usually wont..
Hahhaa thank you ah fu so much!!!!
Im too stupid ard la.. wanna cheat ppl but ownself what also dono.. -.-
Too coincident already!!
Who knows big boss was in the same village!! Asked me why didnt call him to have a meal.. LOL!
Luckily my ah fu save me from this by giving me the answer thru phone calling in a very fast speed after I sms-ed him..
Cheated big boss said I went back Taiping and Raub during CNY.. who knows he said he was there too and asked me which village I was in..
scare me... luckily can change...
haha done correction for the mistype flight details!
 Okay! Thanks!
 booking number BH5C7B. It should be Ms Zhi Yin, Ng .  Thanks!
 Hi Can I change the Title in the booked flight details? because I had put it as Mr instead of Ms. Thanks.
Omg how ar??? Can change ar???
Now only i realised when i wanna print the flight tickets out..
Omg die lor.. I put my friend as Mr.instead of Ms in the flight detail..
sedentary working life starts again..
熱到對面的草叢都自動著火~ 還得擅動 Bomba 來滅火...
the weather is super hot!!
 har? got meh? gamble one day only leh..
Coming working days have to jian fei ard..
lose money T.T
Oh no! how come so suay?!??!
Cant stop laughing
A Time Of Love Singapore part quite nice leh!
Indeed!! ": 一路有你    DAEBAK!"
Should have used to it..
they ask me the same question every year and I have to answer the same answer every year..
The only sentence I can say is:- "各位, 認老吧!" LOL!
One 姑婆 lagi geng! asked me where's my children.. =.= really first time got ppl ask me like that..
I didnt eat 防腐劑 one.. lol
Walao! over lor! which part looks like standard 6 oh?!?!
Husband:"Guess how old is she." 
Wife:"err... standard 5 or 6 ba" 
Me:" =0 "
"You how old? Max should be around 16" Me: "Im 20 actually..."
One asked me: "Have you sat for PMR?"
Really LOL at the questions relatives asked
So tiring but 大收穫 =)
just came back  from grandpa's house..
過個紛紅兼有活力的年初二 =) 
i scream like mad!
Put the insect so near to my face in sudden!
Naughty big bro!!
First day of Horse year~ Wishing a great year ahead and may this new year bring us the best! And stay… 
 happy birthday!!
gong hei fatt choy everyone!!
happy new year!! wish the year of horse brings us the best!!
First morning!
Happy Chinese New Year!! =)
New year is coming!! 
Left hotel now..
Booked flight ticket..
wah Pn Junaineeh whatsapp wish me happy CNY..
keep replaying &lt;piano cries&gt; in the office while boss is not here haha
 oh okok
 haha ya~
cheap flight?? lol.
wah~~ a lot hidden cost...
 haha ya have to book now for cheaper rates..okay!
 oh haha still long to go la mine.. 10 May~
 haha i bring my grandma, mom and bros~ mothers' day ma~~ I meet you there la hahah
 haha just simply travel..
have to book by tmr ard..
aiya i not yet book flight ticket to sg...
我並未能哭 只得鋼琴哭 哭這沒法走出的困局 無奈氣氛喚出處境的沉重 不肯鬆手但從沒退縮 我要是能哭 應該對誰哭 將鬱怨的心掉進峽谷 我愛得越堅韌這對手越凍 心裡問題未結束 惟有自哄
識聽唔識講~~ LOL!  &lt;A TIME OF LOVE&gt; KOREA INTERVIEW:  via @youtube
yeah! full version is here! looking forward to 9th Feb! Linda Chung 鍾嘉欣  - 《鋼琴哭》 (微電影 - 愛情來的時候 韓國篇 主題曲):  via @youtube
我并未能哭 逼使钢琴哭 哭这没法躲开的战局 浓烈气氛唤出最深的沉痛 几经挣扎未何为结束 我要是能哭 应该对谁哭 将痴怨的心掉进峡谷 你爱得热可惜我的心很冻 真怕在长夜扑空 离开便英勇
Keep replaying 钢琴哭.. lol
And i think the major reason is the cast.. lol
I dont find it nice maybe because of im not interested in tawan kind of drama??
Boring..
Watching A Time Of Love Malaysia part..
 haha Vancouver always have pretty and high quality contestants..
She might have better performance than hk contestant
Too pity that her 琵琶 was broken during rehearsal..
Maybe she lose because of her talent show?
Actually for me.. No.16 is more suitable to be champion..
 haha really quitr funny..
LOL at msia's participant answer...
LOL!!! 香港脚=水饺?!?!
 9th of Feb
 haha yaya 9th of Feb!
No one can stop me from watching korea part!!
I sure angry and scold him if he does this when its korea part.. i dont care!
My dad switch channel dont want let me watch...
Hopefully Korea part is provided with subtitle because we dono what is hoonhoon speaking..
Tho they're speaking canto and mandarin but subtitle is needed because the background music is louder than their voice..
Walao they didnt provide subtitle leh!
But its kate... i dont like...
A Time Of Love..
 telemovie de theme song lor.. korean style! Quite nice!
Go Ipoh to have lunch now
Mom back at 4am!!
If not i have to wait til 3am?!?!
Luckily didnt wait her to fetch me at jusco just now..
Guo fen!!
Just called her.. she said she will only back home at 3am..
*shake head*
This mom went out at 4pm til now not back home yet..
Some kind like 老实人, 担屎唔偷吃 those kind.. LOL!!
And he looks abit 傻戆戆~
His look looks funny! The fringe so 平头
I dono why..
I keep laughing when i saw Mr.P on screen.. lol
Indeed 拳拳真功夫~ not a bad one..
No wonder BB likes dark chocolate~
Mr P's dark chocolate (Y)
Watched once upon a time in shang hai with linda fans..
Back from cinema =D
waiting for full version now! 鍾嘉欣 鋼琴哭MV 1MIN VERISON:  via @youtube
really cant wait for 9 Feb! keep replay this..lolol  愛情來的時候 韓國篇 預告4:  via @youtube
 hahhaha
I forgot to bring my story book home... i left it in the office...
 bought upu only lor.. usm not yet buy..
 i dont understand what she said leh.. how choose?
bumping into  and shook yik while I bought my upu pin no at BSN.. haha what a coincidence!
how are we going to understand what he talks if without subtitle??
=.= should supply chinese/english subtitle ma when he is speaking korean language..
Oh no! Ding ding die ard..
RT : PHOTOS: TVB darling Linda Chung and Korean actor Yeon Jung Hoon promote 'A Time of Love'.  http://t.co…
TVB table calendars and On Call files reached my house!! Thank you Astro!! =D 
Time for forensic heroes 2!
Haha 孤男寡女 我漂亮的宋心心!! 
hopefully can rush back to watch song xinxin haha
yeah back home at 5pm today!
虽然我们不怎么熟悉，但是之间友谊却很纯朴
真的很高兴能认识像你这么一位朋友
有些友谊值得你去维持
one more!
 what lao lao?? Im young okay?!
 okay!
received her email just now.. feel so happy to know that~~
Yeah! Card received by friend! Haha
 I'm not a lesbian too =.= It's just a different way of me to show my love to you~ haha err I mean kinship punya love~~
 haha eat wrong medicine ard~~ eaten romantic medicine~~
 what happened? you seem emo these days..
 think of you lor!
Mr One Bird replied on my post.. quite shock hahaha
"what to do" somemore! =.=
=.= she is just showing off the high marks she got for her cca..
wah! online application for USM cost us RM40?!?!? so ex man!!
just like feli that one.. really need to take a very big step to record.. hahaha
hmmm abit scared to record this kind of video de.. LOL
eh now ss's turn? hahaha
#nowplaying 你把我灌醉 - G.E.M.
RT : RT " : #borangUPU dah kuar tadi, take note. Nak sambung belajar lagi kan? Nah.. Akk share.. http://t.co/fyP8Y…
Watch abit here watch abit there.. lolol
Two channels showing her drama..haha dono which to watch..
But 8TV rerun L'Escargot~~ haha
Hahha can watch 调皮的林汀汀~~~ although she just appeared for 5 eps..
Astro 311 rerun forensic heroes 2!!
 oh okok
UPU? I dont even know whats that and how this work..
I  didnt apply before..
How to apply those Uni? Whats the process?
 LOL! 你就顺她的意咯~~
 must experience it ma.. -.- many... 100?
 wah like that u also want meh lol
out for dinner
 first step-- find a husband!
yeah! ah jib gor doesnt declare holiday tmr but free kangkung maybe?? Lol
Rosmah jie~~~ gave flower instead of kangkung??
congrats Dato Lee!!
Yeah Dato won the first set!
Spectators are all shouting for Denmark instead of China.. LOL!
Wow!! congrats to msia men double!!!
-.- 開球亂來丟point
msia new men double look quite okay wor!
malaysia maybank open!
Undeniable her songs really quite nice!
quite alot singing Cindy's songs..
They are so cute!!
Laugh mad when i saw some cute performance from those kids..
Alone at home watching 孩子王
 im joining instead of teaching..
Oh no tmr got st.john class...
I should have bought ticket and watched live..
I just passed by stadium putra after swimming..
Dato Lee live on tv now..
So tired! first time finished 1 lap one shot..
juat back from swimming!
Had a nice day with Japanese again =) 
And hungry!!!
Im so tired and sleepy..
Now pavilion's turn..
they totally dono what im speaking...
I dont think they can shop so long.. cuz nth to shop here..
Sit aside waiting for them..
I got nth to do now..
they wanted to shop at klcc for two hours..
ok nights! sweeet dream everyone and have a nice day ahead!!
really cant wait!!
but her telemovie makes me so excited wey!!!
oh my god~~ i suppose to sleep now!
 dont stop trying LOL
 haha slowly recall~~
 lend me your account next time.. haha i lazy to sign up for one..
surfing internet for university's course offered..
可说是比较现实化, 生活化的一部剧~
