人类之间的关系有时好累人。真心对待是多么难的事。但，一个人度过漫长的日子比和人一起度过难许多。独自一人的感觉真的不好受。
in terms of food and shoes
my bro is my best shopping partner.
everyone has different perceptions of what is acceptance.mine is a mixture of my grandma and my generation, mostly grandma..1930s..
waffle ice cream:). 5.90 for waffle with 2 scoops of ice cream..hehe
It is amazing to know what comes out of my mouth.most of the time, i don't even know what I am talking about..err..words just flow..out
i like to use words like weird and queer.
i feel awkward quite a lot.it is really my problem.and thus my replies to questions are rather weird.
不可能。没尝试当然不可能。试了也不一定会失败。everything comes with a risk. 勇敢追求梦想：)人因梦想而伟大。
I am weird, i like to eat white rice alone.it is really yummy.(rice that is well cooked)饭桶。：)
RT : I PUT MY TRUST IN GOD. 
using yogurt to wash your face is cheap.it can last you for like 20 days which is like about 10cents a day..
Cello:) , my little jello..
Ask and you shall be given.Seek and you shall find.
unconditional love.:) I love because He first loved us.：)
RT : The LORD is compassionate &amp; gracious, slow to anger, abounding in love. Psalm 103:8
happiness would not come in vain:)珍惜来之不易但同时也可以来得很简单的快乐。珍惜它它便会来的。:)
there is a season to be happy, a season to be sad.the season of sadness is there so that we will treasure the season of happiness so that
it is discouraging for your parents to pull you out of fantasy mode...面包和兴趣的问题。。最终，我还是选了兴趣。。反正还年轻不必顾虑太多。我才不要以后才后悔。面包还是兴趣，我选了兴趣，你呢？
becoming an author sounds like a great idea except that my stories lack creativity.
i don't really know what i want..should i choose to venture into writing or Chinese? i need opinions..but have lack of it.:(
well,there're endless regrets in life.must learn to get over with it and carry on.stop saying what if..because the what if will not happen.
ok..i am not going to jc..not even eligible for jjc arts stream..what to do.. everlasting regret..haha.. nvm..:)
偏见prejudice.i need to get that out of my life.
eating too much ice cream and pastries.我是个贪吃鬼。。希望不会变得太胖。甜食真会惹祸。：(
the worst thing to do before collecting ur results is to drink coffee.. makes your heart beat even faster..:(that feeling isn't nice.
RT : If love doesn’t require some sort of sacrifice on our part, we probably aren’t loving the person at all.
what does success mean to you? success is defined as getting what you want in life. people may grade your success as how they see theirs.
many enemies have I made
do forgive my immaturity I pray.
i should really guard my mouth.
Life is beautifully short and there are pains here and there but there is more good than bad. thank God for giving me life.
treasure people for they are part of your life.you will never know when you will part ways with another. love God,love people and love life.
a bird does not necessarily fly.it can also choose to swim or waddle. who says that a bird must fly.不一定要拿好成绩才能成功。企鹅不会飞，它在陆地上行走，但它还是鸟。
RT : Thank you God, not only for all the blessings, but for the frustrations which have helped me become a better person.
oops.i have been saying and writing" love you" to practically everyone.. oh no..haha
doing theory hw is so taxing on my brains.
at the first sight of my results, i was rather sad but then i learnt to accept it all for it is not as bad as i think it is.i guess.
i mean greater heights
RT : But even when I am afraid, I keep on trusting you. -Psalm 56:3
RT : Don’t give up on the people you love. Your patient love and faithfulness may be exactly what they need to make a complete tu…
" welcome. may you be like the bird and achieve great heights.
:)
i love eating tapioca with gula meleka and coconut milk.yummms
is that a guitar?
err...
green tea..i want tea.. lots of tea.
简单就是幸福：)
好喜欢蒲公英的籽在半空中飞舞。看起来好梦幻哦。:) 
蒲公英虽只是野花，但它在我心目中的地位比艳丽的玫瑰高许多。
我忘了。人生不是童话。但，我要像蒲公英一样，勇敢地找寻我自己的幸福。对，我不该等待幸福的到来，我因该去找寻它，努力地争取。幸福-我的快乐与宁静。
累时，别放弃，因为别人可能跟你一样累了，只是你不懂而已。人类们，加油吧！
i blame it all on oatmeal.
my face is oily..overactive glands..
tired:(
I cannot accept the fact that people do apply honey on their face.yes, it is sweet but the ants...psychological barrier..
oatmeal and yogurt are the best of buddies, for they work pretty well together.
happy new year:)
可叹停机德
堪怜詠絮才
玉带林中挂
金钗雪里埋
-曹雪芹
可怜的两个女子，成为封建时代的牺牲品。
两个优秀的女孩的结局如此凄惨。
从没读过红楼梦，只是略知它的故事，但难免会叹息他们俩的命运。
God is in control.
We will never know when we will say goodbye to this world and thus should settle and handle all our hatred as soon as possible.
human relations can be the most tiring thing to maintain but it brings laughter in your life.if not maintained properly, tears come your way
不同的性格却一样是人。人若都一样多闷啊！
you don't have to have a lot to help people, you just need a heart. we all have hearts, don't we?
life is long yet short, bittersweet just like chocolate but best of all, nothing is permanent, and thus your suffering is temporary.
是书也好是诗也罢，若没有欣赏那它们只不过是废纸。现实生活真的好残酷，但别忘了残酷当中也会有温暖的存在。
不要因为一次吃到难吃的鸡饭就认为世上的鸡饭都难吃而不肯再次吃鸡饭。这样你就可能错过好吃的鸡饭。不要因为一次的失败而放弃。只要不放弃就能找得到吧！
燕子飞时，绿水人家绕。—苏轼
渐渐长大才发现有些话不能直说。我想说的是为什么没人教我口说出来的话不能太白。害我得罪了那么多我不知道我得罪的人。对不起。
我想我是快乐的。我想我是幸福的。我想我活着是上帝的恩赐。既然我活着是恩赐那我就要好好珍惜时间。
毫无保留全心付出不害怕心碎。我能做得到这样吗？
we take a lot of things for granted, only to find them gone one day.why must we always learn things the hard way?
don't take closeness for granted
我有千言，我有万语。有些说不出，有些写不出。它们随着时间的流逝而流失。
感谢扑朔迷离才让我看懂勇气。
美妙的歌词。#dandelion#songlyrics
Merry Christmas! this is the season for giving and loving.
the amount of light entering your house can really affect your mood. lighting is important.
Clifford the big red dog
复杂中往往存在着简单，简单中往往隐藏着复杂，就像黑暗中总有一道光，笑声中有时有一些听不到的叹息一样。
心若有那样东西的存在，那你一定会看得到那样东西。若你没把它放在心上，你就会错过它，因为你一点也不在意它所以你也理所当然的看不见它。即使它在你面前，你也会依然看不见它。
sorry if I don't reply, it is not that I don't want to reply, I just don't know what to say.
痛比麻木好，至少心还是活着的。不能让心变冷和硬。
it's time to sleep.:) sweet dreams my brain. have a good cleanse my organs. and that's all I have to say to myself till I decide to wake up.
我的食欲又回来了！：) 可以做回我的饭桶。白饭最好吃！
柳丁！
what happens when you watch too much台湾乡土剧？you will end up having too much imagination and the stories you tell will become unrealistic
the simplicity of just sitting on a chair is not simple after all.you need both time and patience.how hard to get both of them in this era?
God will make a way where there seems to be no way.He works in ways we cannot see.He will make a way.:)
In life, we will always have regrets.:(
We can only try to minimise them and learn from it.Regrets help better shape our character.
i like to sing head shoulders knees and toes song translated into chinese in my head.头肩膀膝盖脚趾头。。haha
苦瓜稍微苦才好吃，人生之旅有些苦才有味道。吃甜的吃久了会腻，人生太顺不一定好。凡事都要往好的方面想，记得要有雨才会有彩虹。坏的不一定坏。加油吧！live life to the fullest,don't give up.往往，在最暗的地方，希望之光就在不远处。
is it normal to eat bones instead of spitting them out?
it is always easy to remember the wrongs and forget the good. this is one big problem present in our society.
it is always easy to type :) but harder to really smile. too much interaction through technology but too little of real human interaction.
my nose is peeling..
the most common lie people give is I'm fine when people ask you how have you been.err it is weird to answer otherwise i guess
I should find a job.
We shouldn't judge people for we ourselves are not perfect and we do not know their circumstances.Let's love one another unconditionally.
seaweed!!seaweed!better than pasta. but I still want my pasta!
great camp:)
My brother is wonderful, he is always helping me out,cracking weird jokes and laughing at my jokes that has no sense.:)他是我的开心果。:)
camp tomorrow:)
两个人走的路可以是一样的但他们的目的地不一定要一样。两个人买同一款鞋不一定代表两个人的鞋同时坏。我要吃冰淇凌我的弟弟不一定要。同一个娘胎出来的两个孩子性格完全不同。无聊所以就乱写一些无聊的话。
胃痛少吃糯米饭。但糯米饭真的很好吃。。现在不能吃，老了以后更不能吃。。悲哀啊！糯米饭糯米饭。。我的糯米饭。
instead of putting ourselves down, we should encourage ourselves.if we don't, we will most likely end up giving up.
Let us be brave.Remember that no matter how dark it is, a little light is enough to win the dark.
But yes, we must overcome our fears.Cause the road ahead is so much better than what we think.God only gives us what we can handle.
we cannot handle fear alone.I give in to it most of the time,blocking me from achieving something greater.
Fear of the unknown is what stops us from moving forward like how we refrain from venturing into unknown territory because of uncertainty.
Narratives are hard to write.You have to create a world interesting enough to attract the reader to enter.
Sometimes,we feel that nobody understands us.we forget that people can't read our minds.say and they maybe will.just don't lose hope.
每个故事里都有主角和配角。若每个人都是主角的话，那配角就没人当了。当配角也没什么不好的，因为要靠配角才能凸显出主角的特质。没有了配角，故事就不完整了。当主角还是配角并不重要，重要的是要扮演好自己的角色。
weird weird weird weird..the sky is blue and the grass is green.everything is the same, but everything seems to change.
没有东西是放不下的，只有自己不想放下才放不下。要放下只不过要过心里那一关。说的容易做的难。我们劝别人容易，但自己做时那么难。人生就是那么让人烦但却是那么的有趣。：)有趣还是烦就要看自己今天的心情了。祝大家愉快，顺便祝自己快乐。。我太无聊了才会写废话。
Every day is a new day.Leave every good or bad thing behind, for today is another chance for you to live again.爱惜自己，不要给自己不必要的痛苦。
if a thousand paper cranes can grant you a wish, would you fold them?
this holiday just feels weird.I am not doing anything productive, I am just lazing around..
during the Christmas season,people in countries with winter sing"let it snowX3"why do Singaporeans not sing"let it rainX3"
 I don't like to eat apples.
reminder to self:do not judge a book by its cover.an apple that looks rotten may taste nice.
my brother is so funny.
ferry:)
thankful that I can eat.:) it is truely a blessing to have good appetite.
In a bread shop, I heard this.来来来,买假面包。一粒一块。
Boredom is maybe good because it is always when you are bored that you are willing to do something like what I am doing now.
time passes quickly when you don't want it to and passes slowly when you have nothing to do.=(
