RT : 有一種壓力叫 無形的壓力
RT : 如果时间可以倒退
RT : 好累好累好累好累。
酸痛的脚 &gt;&lt; /.\
First time such late only reach home xD
I'm still feeling sleepy and tiring...haiz /.\
Sorry arh...I slept accidentally just now and no reply ._.
Just wake up from nap :( omg I hv slept for hours. /.\ now doing history homework...
RT : 男人男人 多希望你是好人
RT : ": bitch twitter is my world, get off so."
没有你想象中那么严重啦笨蛋 我自己都还没有紧张 你在紧张什么啊? /.\ -.-
现在想到还是很想哭 :(
Sorry Uncle Chong. I'm not a good patient. :(
明天才不要穿那个护套去学校了 gok到要死
Night :)
RT : Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life.
RT : 没有考试范围我翻开了课本都不懂我在做什么
Juz trying to memorize our memories but I found nth. :)
RT : 和阳光的人在一起，心里就不会晦暗；和快乐的人在一起，嘴角就常带微笑；和进取的人在一起，行动就不会落后；和大方的人在一起，处事你就不小气；和睿智的人在一起，遇事你就不迷茫；和聪明的人在一起，做事你就变机敏；懂得感恩的人，善待他人；懂得惜福的人，善待自己。
RT : 累了就休息吧... 靜下來, 時間久了就知道誰是真心誰是假意
你不明白我为什么不要开冷气 天气那么热 我怎么可能不想开
RT : 一辈子不长，从今天开始，每天微笑吧，世上除了生死，都是小事。不管遇到了什么烦心事，都不要自己为难自己，每晚睡前，原谅所有的人和事。闭上眼睛，清理你的心，过去的就让它过去吧。无论今天发生多么糟糕的事，都不应该感到悲伤。今天永远只是起跑线。记住一句话：越努…
越来越幼稚
RT : 問君能有幾多愁，恰似一江春水向東流
RT : I have so much to say, then you come around and I become speechless.
RT : Wtf 心还是会疼
RT : Believe in your dreams. Believe in yourself.
Yea :) homework time has finished xD now rest :p
 owh :) okay :D thx ^_^
历史作业的答案不会比PM短 ._.
 历史作业是要抄成point form还是抄成一段?? :o
Stop playing and start study :)
RT : 人与人相处，更多的是需要彼此之间的一份理解，一种信任。凡事多向积极的一面靠拢，你会感觉生活并不像我们想象的那么糟糕。对待别人多一份宽容，你就会发现这样的人生会多一份惊喜在等着你的。
Aishhhh.
RT : 只能想像一起 但我沒勇氣 所以很想討厭你
很喜欢跑的那种感觉 那种速度的快感 超爽的 :)
You don't know the rules.
RT : ": I always find shit out. I might not say it right away, but I know."
RT : ": I don't depend on people anymore because I'm tired of being disappointed."
RT : 其实，我很容易笑，也很容易哭。只是笑的时候没心没肺，而哭的时候却是痛到窒息
一个解释的机会都不给我 然后就这样结束 当然不甘愿啊
": 不要吧把每个人对你的好当成理所当然 💢" 那时候你对我说的一句话.
RT : 如果能如影隨形 誰願一意孤行
希望结束治疗的那一天快点到 ._.
#4 months to go
凉凉的感觉…/.\
全能星战 张韶涵 强(Y)
It finally works to me ! Owh yeah (Y)
又 ao chai了 :(
RT : Be honest with me. That's all I ask for.
RT : No one knows how truly hurt you feel inside when this happens. 
dscdcseg dscdxt
": 眼睁睁地看着我们之间的距离，但我却无力改变这事实 ."
RT : ": 我果然做不到  假装不在乎你"
RT : 如果知道你在想什么 多好
RT : "Try and fail, but never fail to try."
又流鼻水 :(
Make it to be the muscles but not fats.
My eyes feel tiring agn. It may be some problems in my eyes. Well. I'm not going to check it up. I'm scare to wear spectacles :)
RT : 一個人很悶就會亂想
想著想著，就哭了難過
RT : 当你觉得某个人很烦时，他其实不过是爱上了你。因为关心会让你烦。当你觉得某个人很吸引时，他其实根本不在乎你，因为不在乎才会吸引你。我们的情绪和需求总是相反的。让你哭的人你会很爱很爱，让你暖的人你会很厌很厌。所以不用急，等你爱累了，就知道该和…
RT : 一个不经意，你的笑容就成了我的整个世界。
RT : 有些人，一辈子都不会在一起，但是有种感觉，却可以藏在心里守一辈子。
RT : 有一天你会明白 人不能太善良 老好人是受欺负的 因为人们只会挑软柿子捏 他们只会得寸进尺 如果事事都太大度和宽容 别人也不会感激你 而是蹬鼻子上脸 有时候应该适当的有点脾气 对待有些人真不能太温柔和忍耐 因为过分善良也是傻逼
RT : 所谓成熟，是明明就该哭就该闹，却不言不语的微笑。
RT : 当你习惯独自一个人时就没什么好怕了
RT : 得到了再失去，总是比从来就没有得到更伤人。
RT : Don't count the days, make the days count.
RT : 没人会为了你哭 你何必为别人而哭
RT : Stop hoping for things to happen, and make them happen.
RT : The most important thing you can do is make a difference.
": Your expression with her told me answers . :)" Yea. You said you talk less with anyone but you keep on talking with her.
RT : If it didn't happen, it wasn't meant to be.
RT : If you’re feeling down I can feel you up.
RT : You never know how much you love someone until you watch them love someone else.
Later will be the hardest training ever :) but it won't stop me :)
bck from midvalley :) finally watch The Journey xD it's nice :)
RT : I wish I knew then, what I know now.
RT : If I didn't care, I wouldn't have stuck around this long.
Sorry dad that make you so boring. Wait until 10:30pm I will giv bck you the television :)
RT : legs like wanna broke
RT : I wish I could tell you how I feel because you are all I think about when I go to bed.
Still hv half an hour only :p
RT : “: Life is better when you decide you do not care.”
你是不是也记得多久没有说爱我
只要老师对我们好 我们做学生的也会尽量配合老师的
一群有良心的学生
I love to chat with seniors :)
头脑简单 四肢发达 迟早有一天他当着你面前牵起其他女生的手的时候你就会知道什么叫心痛了 趁现在可以粘他的时候粘多一点啦 stupid @@
一旦有了贪欲 就注定失去了哦  xD
 happy birthday xD
还是比较喜欢抒情歌
甘蔗水好甜 &lt;3
妹妹宁愿看戏都不要吃东西 -.-
RT : Dingdang so nice worlw
RT : 走到最後的朋友沒几個。
RT : 一心一意捧在手掌心
如果爸爸可以少点讽刺 如果妈妈可以不要那么严格 我和他们的关系就可以变好了
入阵曲
Air tebu xD always be my favourite especially now weather so hot xD
Fried chicken wings &lt;3 but looks oilly leh /.\ eat less xD
Dad always knows what I love to eat xD he knows me well :)
RT : 每次都说到做不到 每次只会骗人 死骗子 多少个约定 你说了却实现不到的 心知肚明
RT : 丁当 手掌心 astrp301
丁当 (Y)
Aiyorrr so hot /.\ sweat dy leh ! :\
RT : 星星遠看很漂亮很喜歡 星星近看很醜陋會受傷.
Can't addicted to it....advice from coach.
It isn't used to me already :(
浮躁是失败的原因 如果能够稳重一点 打每一粒球都能稍微冷静一下 不要那么急 可能就不会输了 :')
RT : Good old days. #TheRivalry 
篮板球
RT : ": My biggest problem is, I care too much, way too much for every single thing ."
RT : 大家都在迷来自星星的你
Don't chg the channel pls dad ._.
RT : They're so sweet.
RT : 認定了的路 
即使再痛
也不要皺一下眉頭

你要知道
路再怎麼難走
都是你自己選的
你沒有資格喊疼 
不难
RT : kkbox music awards
Later 徐佳莹 xD wow (Y)
听见下雨的声音
心软是最致命的脆弱
天后
": 要我怎样装得好像什么事都没有发生" 很难
RT : 不要轻易把伤口揭开给别人看，因为别人看的是热闹，而痛的却是自己。
RT : ": 你永远不会知道，那个避开你目光假装对你视而不见的人，有多在乎你。"
RT : 珍惜比什么都重要 只有珍惜才不会遗憾
我刚刚才知道苏打绿是一个组合 我还以为是一个人 /.\
RT : true friendship is skyping but not talking to each other the entire time
小情歌
说喜欢其实没有很喜欢 可能就只是不甘愿这样就结束了我们的关系
RT : It sucks when you still love the person who broke your heart.
勉强没有幸福
RT : You determine how far you go in life, nobody else.
KKBOX Music Awards :)
JJ 林俊杰 :)
RT : Sleeping also can be sweat
RT : Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will.
walk in a weird way /.\
要给有建设性的意见xD 哈哈哈
Mummy is going to dinner but without bringing me along :( haiz /.\
RT : First of all I would like to thank the weather for making me hot.
RT : 宁愿好朋友当面说出自己的缺点 好过在背后指指点点
RT : Stop talking, start doing. 
Stop wishing, start working.
RT : twitter has much more things to see :)
RT : That one best friend that turned into a stranger.
RT : 为什么伤痛不会随着眼泪离去？
 那个地理分组的 我放姿菱和怡璇去你们的组 所以你的组有六个人 :)
RT : 手要记得收回来才接球 是要讲多少次
RT : 你就在我的眼里 哪里都飞不出去
RT : 不要给诸多意见在别人的感情上
RT : 放不下的是回忆 不是他 #copy
It's quite easy for me :) hope can get high score. xD
bck from tuition :)
RT : how much i wish that dream will be come true
Sleepy :) Night :)
开学的那一个月多很得空 现在接近考试了 全部都忙着功课和小考 /.\
RT : 上了高中才知道初中的好 ...
Yay xD finish Ekon and BK xD good luck for tmr :)
RT : My weakness is that I care too much.
RT : 好想知道真相不过害怕残酷的答案.
RT : 我必須堅持我得目標...!!! :)
RT : 爱上了你，让我没有后退的理由 .
Finish homework :) now rest :) ltr study class test :)
Gonna wake up early tmr :) #exited
RT : Want 
RT : Being single is better than being in the wrong relationship.
RT : 你是我内心深处说不出的秘密。
RT : 如果你心惦记的不是我，就不要对我那么好
RT : 不得不承认，我们都更喜欢听谎言，即使已经知道真相。
RT : 给我一个角色赖在身边 就很知足了
Lc loh -.-
强者就是不一样
RT : 纪念册上写了很多友谊万岁 永远的朋友 
久了没见 感情也淡了
RT : 有时候真的很累  累了去在乎 累了去想  甚至是累了去继续喜欢
RT : 在这世上珍贵的东西总是罕有，所以这世上只有一个你。
It's good news for me :D
My stamina inproved too if compare to last year :)
Tomorrow will be a BIG day for someone :p
RT : Few days to me is so long when I didn't talk to you
哪怕不说话 只要笑一笑也足够了
我决定了 下次再看到你 刚好你也望我的话我一定要给你一个微笑xD
RT : 自己选择的路，就是跪着，也要走完。自己爱上的人，就是离开，也要含笑说再见。地球是圆的，也是运动的，要相信自己不会总是处在倒霉的位置上，背到不能再背的时候，时来自然就会运转。人生中的一道道门坎，当你迈过了就是门，迈不过就是坎。不管遇到怎样的…
 I saw the 广告xD I will go too xD
 yea xD you with him then enough jor la xD
肯定是自己想多了 :') 把一切都想得太远了 不想了 :')
复杂的眼神 总觉得眼神里有着一丝丝的歉疚 你真的还会对我愧疚吗?
每次都是我望着你 可是昨天我远远看到你我就不要望了 哪里知道擦身而过的瞬间你一直望着我 弄到我也转头望你 walao /.\ 而且你的眼神很奇怪咯…|:
I'm still feeling weird when thinking of yesterday
义山行 4月20日
RT : Stay strong! Your test will become your test-imony, your mess will become your mess-age.
RT : Until you're broken, you don't know what you're made of. It gives you the ability to build yourself all over again, but …
一紧张就会出错
我不知道为什么特别怕排球 :( 我打其他球类的时候完全不会怕的咯…/.\
怕球 紧张 所以用错方式打 结果就打伤手 (Y)
RT : Everyday laughing.. 😂😂
RT : 谁说文科不用功？谁说理科不感性？谁说要传承中华文化一定要考中国文学？谁说中国文学考A就很有道德？谁说没有考中国文学不是华人？12科A也是可以是败类，12科E也可以是爱国份子okayyyyy？
说真的 我很想知道和谁配班
RT : 每次谈到未来要读些什么 总是很伤心
RT : 我對你的僅僅只是喜歡
我的好玩心连我自己都吓到
