我从来都不知道什么叫做快乐直到我遇到了爱我的家人和朋友们。
RT : Is hard to act like I'm happy when I'm not even happy...
RT : 灿荣啊 太可爱了吧你
RT : 很讨厌看回以前的东西 觉得为什么我会写这些幼稚的东西 why?-_-
RT : 好想你哟 😍

想个屁 凸 ！
5 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
 I still at patronas ==
 I want see.
RT : Freaking HOT
 arghhhh !!!
RT : 你喜欢她 ? 可能吧 毕竟她比我好很多。而且我比她来的烦人
RT : 不喜欢我的人,请你不要假惺惺的跟我维持朋友关系我不屑,也不稀罕,比起那些表面跟我一起嘻嘻哈哈背后又对我放冷箭的小人,我更喜欢能够指着我的鼻子骂我的人,我能接受一切别人提出的我本身有缺陷的那些正确意见,但就凭一句看我不惯未免太好笑,你不能改变我的生…
RT : Sometimes, we need to be hurt in order to grow. We must lose in order to gain. Sometimes, some lessons are learned best throu…
RT : I want to meet myself from someone else's point of view.
RT : 这个世界上你认识那么多的人，那么多人和你有关，你再怎么改变也不能让每个人都喜欢你， 所以还不如做一个自己想做的人。
RT : If I was a doctor doing a surgery right before the person goes out under the anesthesia i would say ‘ok pull up the wikih…
RT : 肚子饿
RT : #IfWeDate 💑💗 
RT : If you want to wake up easier every morning, start going to bed earlier. Plus, sleep helps you lose weight too.
RT : perfect 👌 
RT : 人的一生要疯狂一次，无论是为一个人，一段情，一段旅途，或一个梦想。
RT : 2 more days till Choi Sooyoung's Birthday! 
RT : 到最后，你会明白，谁是虚情假意，谁是真心爱你，谁会为你不顾一切。
RT : "真的很想有一個人 隨時我叫他陪我去哪裡就去哪裡 出到半夜最好 有話題聊 一起拍照 ，男的也好 女的也可以 。不求什麼 只求藍顏知己"
RT : can I have it please 😍😏 
RT : 爸爸只有一个，不能代替 :')
RT : 爱情，说来就来，没有预告。
RT : 爱一个人很难，放弃自己心爱的人更难。
RT : 玩弄女人的男人，不配拥有女人的真心。
RT : 有一天我也能很潇洒地对父母说，＂就让你的未来交给我，由我来养你！＂
RT : 我没有完美的过去，可是我能创造傲人的未来。
RT : 走得太远了，我还回得去吗？
RT : 如果做不了你的唯一，连最爱我也不要做。
你原本是个可爱的女生 现在被欺负到像什么样？？
RT : All i want to do is... 
You say you can inclusive his character ?! Heyy ! Baby ! This not inclusive ! What are you tolerating he continues to bully you？
Yaaaa! You love! In this way it is not love!
还要自以为是！这种男人 ！哇老！I dunno how to say !
你做么还能爱他？他把你当小狗看待，又打你
宝贝 你就来被他弄到你神经了
He sicking....
RT : She has all these roses, while it'd be a miracle for me to get just 1 on Valentines 😪 
RT : What i want for Valentine's 
RT : I wish i have a cute boyfriend like this 😁 
 I dunno @@
 yalorrrr ! 难怪一直打错 ==
中学以来 第一次没有情人过情人节 TT 前三年都是你陪我的 :(
Will you be my velantine?
My CNY haven't done yet :(((
RT : I like you a lottle 
RT : 有些事情不是看到希望才去坚持，而是坚持了才看得到希望！
RT : 只要心里还存着不甘心，就还不到放弃的时候。
RT : 每天告诉自己一次：我真的很棒！
RT : 别嫌自己腿粗,别嫌自己长得不漂亮,别嫌自己很糟糕,别嫌自己不聪明,别嫌自己不够优秀,别嫌自己很不堪,别嫌自己不够好,别嫌自己不够高,别嫌自己不够配,别嫌自己家不够有钱,别嫌自己没实力,别嫌自己不够吊,总有一个男的会真心实意不嫌这嫌那的,因为他爱你,…
RT : "比较快乐的人生看法，在于起床时，对于将临的一日，没有那么深沉的算计。"——三毛
RT : 我不是话少，也不是冷漠，只是我没必要对每个人都有说有笑。
RT : 舞獅來的第一時間是看有沒有帥哥 😑
RT : 连那支签叫我一切顺其自然, 我想我真的应该看开点, 一切顺其自然。
RT : No matter the temperature outside today we're bringing the heat for #flyknit Friday. 
RT : 
RT : I don't need a perfect relationship... I just need someone who won't give up on me.
RT : I might not text you first, but that doesn't mean im not dying to talk to you.
RT : Perfect for late night movies and cuddling 😍 
RT : 說實話我很後悔跟你一起 
每次都說我把你當司機 狗 玩具 、果然男人不能靠
RT : 可以给我睡觉吗？我已经被烟花吵醒了两次 -.-
RT : Girls over think.

Boys never think. 😒
RT : 如果你也在我身邊一起賞煙花
RT : When a girl gives up, it's not because she doesn't love you, but because she's tired of getting hurt &amp; feels like you'l…
RT : Will it be easy? Nope. Will it be worth it? Absolutely.
RT : I have no problem with cutting people off... Less bullshit for me to deal with.
RT : Even if you can't make it to the gym, you can still workout at home. No Excuses.
RT : 那么吵睡得着吗
Good night :D 
RT : I can't reach it!  ~&gt; 
RT : She's a keeper. Too bad you didn't keep her.
RT : Never take advantage of anything. It can be gone in an instant.
RT : 没有你在我有多难熬
RT : I feel guilty when I miss a workout
RT : 还有2天就开学了 😓
RT : 去公园 直接可以看完四面八方的烟花
RT : If I didn't care, I wouldn't get mad.
RT : 👏👏 
RT : I only get jealous because I care
RT : I miss you... I don't know what else there is to say.
My follower and my following == 
赔钱 ==
RT : Love this . 
Sekarang punya budak == 
Baby ♥️ 
煙花還在放 @l@
RT : 🔥👌 
RT : 初9 我喜欢 hahaha
RT : This wall in Germany plays music when it rains 
RT : 华人的传统还需要我们 ~
RT : 烟花多到不懂看哪里好 全部圆圆肥肥的烟花
真的是 Christian , halal , Buddha also gt. No Indian hjheheh.
RT : Ok 马来西亚现在打仗
RT : 周圍都是新鮮空氣，快大口大口的吸
爸爸跟姨丈拿到手累 哈哈哈 
RT : 看到整个 KL 都在放烟花
RT : 烟花
Huat 越大声 烟花越大声 ==
 they sot jor
RT : Wow , 煙花不用錢的
繼續燃燒吧
真的放到乱 @@
姨丈讲 派香派香 Christian , halal , Indian , Buddha hambalang 给 ! Huat ah !
隔壁马来人跑过来看热闹 ==
真的很吵
马来人不用睡觉吗 ==
RT : 你们的烟花不用钱吗？
RT : 拜天宫重点是烧猪！！
RT : 烟花烟花
RT : 很多烟 我中毒死亡
RT : 鞭炮放到亂 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
RT : 赌太多 变烂赌了
RT : Pink pumps 🙉 
RT : 自己喜欢的人 自己的另一半 自己决定就好 不要理别人说好或不好 自己觉得好就可以了 除非是父母说不适合 那最好还是三思一下比较好
RT : 黑眼圈已经很沉重了
RT : 1,2,3, or 4? Pick♥! :) 
RT : Your goals minus your doubts equals your reality.
 you suka lol
RT : You know a girl is serious when they say your name in a text.
RT : 這樣的你讓我多難過啊 你不知道吧
RT : Lol I hope. 
RT : What I ask. 
RT : 就算你再给我十年多的时间，我还是会等到那天的前一天把它做掉。
 today can't lahh weyyyy
So sweet :D 
 I go your house too xD
Hahaha. Macam cafe xD 
 BSD
RT : 有時候喜歡也有可能是錯覺，所以不敢踏前一步
Mum mum ♥️家里人叫我的名 还有 ah moon ♥️
好多人哦 ♥️♥️♥️
早知道今天不要去读书 早上和他们去 pasar :( 阿姨 舅母 媽媽 婆婆都有去 :( kakak 也有去 買螃蟹 買蝦 :( kakak 今天捉螃蟹 ！！
RT : Waiting 12:00 Chor 9 🙋
RT : “: this cute outfit 😂 &gt;&gt;&gt; ”
RT : “: pastel 😘 ”
RT : 高中生活不一定要有恋爱才叫完美
拜天公钱有螃蟹吃有蝦吃 今年怎么了？
When I alone ..... Feel like sor por ==
Keep in touch.
RT : 因为你的回复太慢了 为了平等 即使想秒回 我也会故意过一段时间再回复。
RT : 有时候遇到些事自然会想起旧爱 
不是不舍得, 只是久了忘不了我也没办法
RT : 女人要有骨气，要么谈恋爱到结婚，要么玩玩别当真，要么高傲地单身，何必用自己的青春调教别人的老公还那么认真。
RT : Taeyeon and Tiffany relieve their stress with cotton candy  
RT : 有钱不赌 对不起父母👍
你每次让我开心了 又给我失望。
我真的不想回你信。
RT : We're more than friends, but we're less than a couple
RT : If I delete your number, you're basically deleted from my life.
RT : 男生 开始拍拖的时候 ；就是开始花钱的时候。
RT : Amazing 2 level backyard and pool. 
RT : Air Max 1 X Liberty London 
Rubbish.
Bitch.
RT : A good relationship is with someone who knows all your insecurities and imperfections but still loves you for who you a…
Everyday is a chance to get better.
RT : 皮肤真的好糟糕。。。
RT : Guys have no idea how long something they said can stay in a girl's mind.
RT : 世界上所有的男人和女人都恋爱，为什么我的恋爱就这么难。
我总是希望我的友情能像家人一样牢固 怎么骂也骂不走 怎么发脾气都发不走
RT : 你爱一个人就是给他伤害你的权力。
我把好朋友的面书 twitter 都放为通知 当她们写东西 都会出现在我的通知里 , 因为 我寂寞没人找 让电话运动一下。
时光的残忍就是，它只能带你走向未来，却不能够带你回到过去。
RT : Don't practice until you get it right. Practice until you can't get it wrong. -Unknown
RT : 特別想像你強調他是我的
RT : 就因為還喜歡你，所以一切皆為值得
RT : This matte black audi r8 is beautiful 😍 
RT : “Are you okay?” Always the same question. “I’m fine.” Always the same lie.
RT : 今天放的鞭炮会比年三十晚厉害
RT : Black Range Rover 
RT : 情人节前的目标....
Lu Lu and Ching Ching
Satu Yueen Lu satu Kim Ching
Care too little, you'll lose them. Care too much, you'll get hurt... Trouble ==
If stress was a drug, I would be high as hell.
RT : 朋友常說'眼前一片森林，何必獨愛一棵樹'。我何嘗不想放棄？雖然嘴裡一直說放棄，心裡卻一直放不下。
很想自己自己去看电影 ...
RT : Beckham ♥ 
RT : We become what we think about.
RT : 有的人不停得努力改变自己的外面
是因为不想让自己的另一半丢脸
RT : 如果可以把自己的生命捐给更聪明，更善良，更伟大，对这个世界会很有贡献却没机会活着的人。
RT : 我的存在只会带给身边的人不快乐。
RT : 不爱自己了。
RT : 總會有那麼一個陌生人，讓妳不自覺的注意他，不自覺的看他一下，想要知道他的一舉一動。
總有一個陌生人讓你不自覺想像著你和他的未來。
RT : 不要急著想去遇到什麼事情，時候到了它自然會來的。
RT : 明明愛你卻要騙自己，騙到最後自己都不相信，我的在乎帶走了勇氣，不過可不可以留在愛你的原地？
RT : 我們嚮往的東西都不一定是最好的，但往往我們做不嚮往的東西，就是我們認為最不好的。
失去是多麼的痛。
但往往讓我們痛的都是我們愛的，讓我們傷得就是們在乎的。
然而，沒有擁有就不會有失去⋯⋯

曾享受而帶來的傷比較痛還是從沒擁有的比較空虛？
RT : 我想知道他讓妳癡心是什麼，我想知道他讓你瘋狂為甚麼。
RT : 我付出的比她還多，為何我卻沒在你心中逗留？
RT : 你说 给你多一些时间 但你没说多久 记住 我四肢健全 随时可以转身就走 也许 我会很伤心很伤心 但伤过就会痊愈 你依然会看见我的笑容
RT : 為了你 我拒絕和放棄了許許多多 即便妳並非真心只對我好 嗯 犯賤
RT : 就因为你知道我会等，就要把我掠在这儿一直等？
RT : 你穿牛仔裤的方法是对的吗？ 
RT : 你要嘛就直接一壶开水烫死我 不要把我晾在这儿
RT : I miss talking to the OLD you.
RT : 想想之前我真的好白痴
RT : 女生永远都不会知道男生戴绿帽的感受
