周永康原秘书冀文林被双规 周被羁押内蒙 :  
Chinese Rights Lawyer Vows To Keep Up Pressure on Party 
RT : From flames to fiery opposition, protests rock Thailand, Ukraine, Venezuela. 
RT : China probes another ally of retired domestic security chief 
RT : China probes former Zhou aide as graft investigations widen 
RT : 观察：《纸牌屋》在中国为什么火: 美国网络剧《纸牌屋》第二季在美中两国同步播出，中国情节和网上收看方式使它人气急升。 
RT : Wall Street girds for China bribery probe as IPOs beckon: 
RT : Three Tibetan Monks Detained for Freeing Yaks Headed to Slaughter: Chinese authorities have held the trio for ... http:/…
RT : 乌克兰冲突加剧 国际社会强烈反应: 乌克兰冲突加剧，当局决定派遣军队进入首都，北约和五角大楼警告乌克兰勿出动军队镇压。 
RT : 乌克兰 - 乌克兰危机急剧恶化 国际社会纷纷做出强烈反应 
No, the sun does not revolve around the Earth 
RT : VIDEO: Is Apple looking to buy Tesla? 
RT : Candy Crush fans play the game 1 billion times every day. Now, you can invest in it.  
RT : 乌克兰警方清场 基辅暴力冲突升级: 乌克兰警方周二晚上冲击首都基辅市中心反政府示威者占据数月的营地。 
RT : 习近平：中国大陆尊重台湾的社会制度: 中国国家主席习近平周二（18日）在北京会见到访的台湾前副总统连战，并表示北京尊重台湾民众选择的社会制度与生活方式。 
RT : Asian Messaging Services Challenge Mobile Order 
RT : 【焦点新闻】 海南省副省长冀文林被抓，涉周永康案 
RT : China Crackdown Drives Business Off the Books: Shadow bank loans for industry may skew economic reports. http://t.co/Hfy…
RT : 中国是否会再次震撼世界？: 中国是否会再次震撼世界？这一次也许不再是它的经济腾飞，而是经济崩溃。 
RT : Kerry's Comments on China Internet Freedom 'May Inspire Protest': Bloggers hope that overseas pressure will he... http:/…
RT : China Deletes Media Reports Calling Beijing 'Unlivable': State media now says reports that Beijing is barely f... http:/…
RT : 【焦点新闻】 中国去年囚禁32名记者 全球排第三 
China Watchdog Said to Tell Small Banks to Set Aside Fund  via 
中国与台湾将进行迄今最高级别的会谈(图) - 看中国  
江泽民曾否认只身挡坦克的王维林被捕(图) - 看中国  
RT @reuters: China central bank urges proper management of risk, liquidity  
RT : China's January HSBC services PMI falls to 50.7, lowest in 2.5 years 
RT : Chinese coverup: Resort island cracks down on nude sunbathing 
RT : 【太子酒店董事长涉足石油业 东莞扫黄不简单(图)】（看中国记者端木珊综合报道）央视近日高调曝光东莞色情业，其中太子酒店董事长梁耀辉成为被扫主力被媒体抛出。大陆媒体披露梁耀辉 ...  http://t…
RT : Chinese Dissident Believed Detained After Disputing Father's 'Suicide' Death: Prominent Shandong activist Xue ... http:/…
RT : China punishes graft-busters for beatings, drunk driving 
RT : China considers new powers for pollution watchdog as part of government shakeup 
RT : Spain seeks arrest of former Chinese president over Tibet 
Amazon Acquires Video Gaming Studio Double Helix Games  via @techcrunch
RT : Is your favorite TV show an original series from a cloud service? 
Guangzhou Officials Delay Chinese Rights Lawyer's Trial 
中国富豪向外逃(图) - 看中国  
中国实际已经是世界最大负债国 - 看中国  
叶宁：千年株连阴魂不散，迫害薛明凯已激起公愤 
明報｜崔健：天安門掛毛像 時代就沒變 - 中国数字时代: 
脱敏过程？六四央视主播出书谈当年经历(图) - 看中国  
Young Tibetan Mining Protester Dies in Prison After 'Torture' 
Missing Uyghur Journalist Found Jailed on 'Separatism' Charges 
Shandong Authorities Refuse Probe Into 'Suicide' Death 
Pimco’s Bill Gross Says He Avoids China ‘Mystery Meat’  via 
长平 | 外媒网陷入中式困境 - 中国数字时代: 
程晓农：中国的反腐将随着权贵海外财富的曝光无疾而终 :  
李天笑：骆家辉临行演说又让中共很难堪(图) - 看中国  
RT : 'Punishing Ilham Tohti is the Latest in a Litany of Errors': A veteran Chinese journalist takes aim at the Com... http:/…
RT : 111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321 #DoTheMath
RT : Jailed Nobel Dissident, Wife Denied Festive Meal on Prison Visit: Liu Xia has asked permission to seek medical... http:/…
RT : 德国之声｜中国淮河岸边的“癌症村” 2月4日世界癌症日时，世卫组织发布报告称，中国的癌症发病率居世界首位；去年7月，中国官方科研机构曾出版《淮河流域水环境与消化道肿瘤死亡图集》，环保人士认为癌症高发和污染有直接关系。 （德国... http://…
RT : Pic of the day via : The cloud of pollutants above Asia is so great that it can be seen from space: http://t.c…
RT : 中国人权｜何清涟：漫话“革命经费”的前世今生 许志永被捕产生了两个值得关注的焦点，其中之一是王功权的被捕与释放。中国企业界人士很准确地解读了政府捉放王功权释放的信号：在商言商，不要参与到谋求社会、环境和政治变革的活动中去。 ... http://…
RT : 英媒：中国银行业困境或引发全球危机: 《每日电讯报》说，中国银行系统与日俱增的问题可能会带来更大范围的金融危机。 
Uyghur Official Murdered, Man Killed in Xinjiang 
RT : China's January services growth slows to five-year low 
RT : China says no cover-ups using state secrecy as excuse 
泰国政府：中国取消购买百万吨大米合同 
Congress Passes Farm Bill to End Fight Over Food Stamps  via 
China Savers’ Penchant for Property Magnifies Bust Danger  via 
Deadly New Bird Flu Strain Spawned by Virus Behind H5N1  via 
新型H10N8禽流感病毒引发高度关注 
Hand Washing, Zinc Are Best Defense Against Colds  via 
Tom Perkins, Obamacare, and the Paranoid Rage of the One Percent  via 
China's imperiled Jade Rabbit moon rover: 'Goodnight, humanity' 
RT @reuters: Fast Retailing says wants HK listing to root it deeper in region  
震惊！霍金：无黑洞只有“灰洞”(图) - 看中国  
China official seeks tougher rules on religion after Xinjiang blasts  via @reuters
点评中国：民主还没来临 贿选却已成风 
美国教授发起公开“六四真相”行动(图) - 看中国  
华尔街日报 | 许志永妻子：我不希望你放弃 - 中国数字时代: 
翻墙 | 中国在“离岸报道”后大量封锁外媒网站 - 中国数字时代: 
China's Property Owners Face Disclosure 
许知远 | 许志永：索多玛的义人 - 中国数字时代: 
Google Buys U.K. Artificial Intelligence Company DeepMind  via 
每日电讯报｜谁是许志永？ - 中国数字时代: 
congee, steamed bun, tea egg; C++, python, JavaScript.
封杀许志永(图) - 看中国  
金正恩残暴地对张成泽亲人实行斩草除根  :  
奇闻录 | 武松奸嫂 - 中国数字时代: 
张戎: 慈禧太后启动了现代中国 :  
崔健：中国政治不开放就不能再向前走 :  
RT : Chinese Anti-Graft Campaigner Xu Jailed; Activist Hu Jia Held: Xu Zhiyong's conviction comes under criticism f... http:/…
RT : Big Four firms, China in talks over corporate audit impasse: KPMG 
Computer Chips That Work Like a Brain Are Coming — Just Not Yet | Wired Enterprise |  
BBC | 谷歌欲以新技术打破中国互联网封锁 - 中国数字时代: 
Someone Just Said Something About The Japan-China Conflict That Scared The Crap Out Of Everyone  via 
新公民运动两名参加者的法庭陈述   :  
美旧金山海湾大桥裂缝累累 中方工程遭质疑(图) - 看中国  
安倍晋三与《人民日报》：谁在“摧眉折腰事权贵”？ :  
许志永一审被判刑四年 
RT @reuters: UPDATE 1-China's ICBC says will help repay investors in troubled shadow-banking scheme  
RT : 何清涟 | 中国贪官藏宝与反腐的等级化 1月21日，国际调查记者联盟（ICIJ）发布《中国离岸金融解密》报告，终于将风传多年、但却无法得到资料佐证的中国权贵海外藏宝图曝光，让国际社会了解到“伟大的中国无产阶级革命先锋队”“先... http://…
RT @reuters: U.S. developer wins record $2.2 billion land sale in China's Qianhai zone  
RT @reuters: Massive Internet mishap sparks Great Firewall scrutiny in China  
RT @reuters: China's Fosun says has enough cash to fund Portuguese insurance deal  
RT @reuters: UPDATE 1-Daimler to sell bond in China in watershed deal-sources  
RT @reuters: China condemns report on elite's hidden wealth, censors discussion  
Massive Internet mishap sparks Great Firewall scrutiny in China  via @reuters
RT : IMF：中国经济增长率未来或降到6%: 国际货币基金组织首席经济学家称，随着中国政府力求平衡经济，从投资转向消费和服务，中国经济增长率在未来将减缓到6%。 
RT @reuters: China households elude taxman - and official GDP bean-counters  
Tibetan Monk, Brother Detained in Monastery Clampdown 
法院指王功权指证许志永控方促从严罚許 :  
RT : Top China Leaders' Families Concealing Riches Overseas: Report 
苹果日报｜沈渝：關於ICIJ的報道 - 中国数字时代: 
CNN记者北京采访　被警方暴力摄像机被毁/视频 
RT @reuters: UPDATE 3-U.S. SEC judge suspends 'Big Four' China units over audits  
Massive Internet mishap sparks Great Firewall scrutiny in China  via @reuters
RT : Taiwan, South Korea highest in patent activity on Bloomberg's ranking of Most Innovative Countries: http://t.co/Y28P9vK6…
RT : &gt;'s feed in China was cut off while showing video of  on #AC360
法广 | 许志永法庭陈词：最后为了自由·公义·爱 - 中国数字时代: 
Lao Rice Farmers Defy Police Orders to Give Up Land to Chinese Firm 
纪录片：中国设数百中心治疗网瘾青少年 
机密文件披露中国精英的海外资产 
RT : 【异闻观止】京华时报 | 王功权承认犯罪被取保候审 称断绝与许志永来往 京华时报讯(记者孙思娅) 昨晚，市一中院微博称，王功权承认与许志永一起策划、煽动了聚众扰乱公共场所秩序的违法犯罪活动，法院对王功权取保候审。 昨天18点... http://…
RT : Chinese censorship screwup sends users to anti-censorship site 
RT : China's top stock regulator pledges more opening to foreign financial institutions 
Rights Abuses Escalate Throughout East Asia: HRW 
Clinton’s Unlikely Money Man Invests Adulthood in Her Bid  via 
Verizon to Purchase Intel Media Assets  via 
RT @reuters: UPDATE 2-China's Iranian crude imports drop 2.2 pct in 2013  
RT @reuters: China seeks April wheat shipment, aims to benefit from low prices  
China Workforce Slide Robs Xi of Growth Engine  via 
RT @reuters: Peugeot moves closer to Dongfeng deal as sales sag  
RT @reuters: China eases credit squeeze with lots of cash and surprising transparency  
RT @reuters: UPDATE 2-JPMorgan drops another China IPO amid 'princeling' probe-sources  
Verizon Said to Spend Less Than $200 Million on Intel TV  via 
港媒：姚文田准备出版异议人士有关习近平书籍遭诱骗至内地拘押 :  
印尼华人遭屠杀纪录片引中国网民热议 
摩根大通“避嫌腐败”撤锦州天合项目 
RT @reuters: China c.bank soothes markets with telegraphed cash injections  
RT : Shanghai says medical worker dies from H7N9 bird flu infection | 
RT : Veteran China reporter Austin Ramzy will be forced to leave China at the end of the month because foreign ministry won…
China's exports linked to western U.S. air pollution 
, finally we make it. For my 2 years in IMG.
, Panasonic bets smart TVs will get smart enough to run lots of web apps.
RT @reuters: Citi offers automated RMB cross-border pooling in Shanghai free trade zone  
Native Speed on the Web: JavaScript and asm.js 
中疾控:全国H7N9病例累计超200人 发病高峰再现 
RT : #Didyouknow 95% of viewers feel more comfortable if the TV volume is set at a number divisible by 2 or 5.
RT : Ex-Chinese Premier's Letter 'Sidesteps' Reports of Family Wealth: Wen Jiabao's denial of graft in a Hong Kong ... http:/…
Crunch Escalates as Money Funds Rival Shadow Banks: China Credit  via 
, 10 HTML Tags You May Not Be Using.
, First 3D Commercial Web Game Powered By asm.js Unveiled.
, asm.js AOT compilation and startup performance
RT @reuters: China decries foreign interference in detained academic case  

China trust firm warns shadow bank loan may not repay-newspaper  via @reuters
Illumina's New Low-Cost Genome Machine Will Change Health Care Forever  via 
RT : Was justice served? Man gets $1.6 million after being forced by cops to have enemas  
RT : Japan stands by apologies for war aggression as textbook row re-emerges 
RT : Increasing H7N9 bird flu toll demands constant vigilance 
RT : China to put prominent anti-graft activist on trial next week 
微博衰败 围观难以改变中国 :  
何清涟：“文革”的双重性 国家之罪与平庸之恶(组图) - 看中国  
RT : China decries U.S. spending bill 
RT : BBC｜温家宝致信港专栏作家称“从未以权谋私” 法新社驻香港记者星期天（19日）报道，香港专栏作家吴康民说，中国前总理温家宝给他写信，称自己从来没有以权谋私。 温家宝在2003年到2013年3月担任中国总理，《纽约时报》曾报... http://…
RT : China's ICBC says won't compensate investors in troubled shadow bank product 
RT : Chinese Police Swoop on Petitioners as Provincial Legislatures Meet: Many are dragged to unofficial detention ... http:/…
RT : Amazing CSS Animation Tools 
RT : 维族学者“涉嫌违法犯罪”遭刑事拘留: 北京中央民族大学教师，著名维族学者伊力哈木·土赫提周三下午被警察从家中带走。中国政府发言人称伊力哈木“涉嫌违法犯罪”。 
RT : 南华早报｜中国微博用户去年减少2783万人 （南早中文网讯）中国网际网路络信息中心今日（1月16日）发布数据显示，2013年，微博相比2012年底用户规模下降2783万人。此外，中国手机网民规模继续保持稳定增长，截至去年12... http://…
RT : How  inspired this bridge that doubles as a park:  
RT : 中国 政治 - 人权观察：中国加紧打压异议人士 
RT : 中国　社会 - 胡润调查：中国富豪1/3移民海外 
RT : Chinese Air Zone Heightens Threat of International Accident: Analysts say an unintended incident could provoke... http:/…
RT : Hunan Police Delete Chinese Filmmaker's Documentary Footage: Liu Yimu has formally requested an official explanation. ht…
Heirs of Mao’s Comrades Rise as New Capitalist Nobility  via 
RT : 美电视台播出叶梦圆遭碾压前画面: 美国CBS播出由韩亚客机空难现场视频，证实中国少女叶梦圆被消防车轧死前消防员知道她的位置。 
RT : Verizon's victory over FCC rules seen as a loss for Netflix | 
RT : Did you know Taiwan leads the world in free WiFi? Here are 10 things Taiwan does better than anywhere else: 
RT : The difference between knowledge and experience in one image:  
RT : 【焦点新闻】 维吾尔学者伊力哈木与母亲被警察从北京家中带走并遭 
RT : Rio Tinto slashes costs as iron-ore, coal output hit records | 
RT : Building a Customer Management App Using AngularJS and Laravel: 
RT : Huawei profit jumps on smartphones, U.S. asks Hua-who? 
RT : "Vaping" a slow burner in China, world's maker of e-cigarettes 
RT : Early holidays point to grim outlook for China's small factories 
RT : Exclusive: China's CITIC backs new fund set up by ex-FX Concepts execs 
RT : China's Huawei says 2013 unaudited revenue likely rose 8 pct, below 10 pct goal 
RT : China industrial plants breach emissions standards: study | 
Fed Clears China’s Wing Lung for California Expansion  via 
RT @reuters: China's top drug distributor Sinopharm says ex-VP detained  
Chinese regulator probes Sinovel power firm  via @reuters
RT : COLUMN-Record China crude oil imports flatter to deceive: Clyde Russell 
RT : China can avoid Japan-style property bubble - official 
RT : 【北大教授夏业良被解职原因遭曝光(图)】中国北京大学教授夏业良在最后一课后，已黯然离开北大。关于夏业良被解聘的原因，北大校方称是由于夏业良教授授课不受学生欢迎。而人权活动组 ...  http://t…
Death toll from new China bird flu rises: WHO  via @reuters
Charter Offers to Buy Time Warner Cable in $61 Billion Deal - Bloomberg via  
Google to Buy Nest Labs for $3.2 Billion 
RT : A nap is like Ctrl+S for your brain. You know what happens to people who don't save their work... 
RT : 5 web technologies to look forward to in 2014: 
RT : 【焦点新闻】 中共定性北京「公盟」为反党集团 
RT : China's State Grid buys biggest chunk of HK Electric's IPO: sources 
RT : 编剧轰央视《毛泽东》剧本：渣都不剩 
RT : 《博客天下》：中国市场改革的“洋导师”们 作者：汪再兴、周琼媛、吕昊、苏雄、王万圆 【上图：科斯（左）、格里希（右）】 经济学家张五常、弗里德曼以及当时的中共中央总书记坐到一起。张五常决定向面前的政治家推荐一位外国的经济学... http://t…
RT : Closures in JavaScript: 
RT : 4 More JavaScript Hacks to Make Your JavaScript Faster: 
RT : 萝卜网 | 香港到底有没有地沟油？ 大约一个月前，苹果日报以其一贯来势汹汹的风格，头版头条大标题做了篇报道，叫做：香港也有地沟油 （我想后面应该还有个问号）曝光了一家位于葵涌某个工业大厦的，叫合兴的小型油厂，还有7、8家用... http://t…
