RT : 转一则学术圈八卦：施春风这家伙当年抢了自己学生杨卫的老婆，然后把自己的学生赶跑，在海外华人圈都是引以为耻的一件事。不过杨卫也算是能够忍得了，回国后干的还不错，还混上了院士，还在浙大当校长。这份定力实在是了不起，估计没几个男的做的到的。
TOP SAFETY PICKs by year  2014 IIHS  
分析索尼的全部业务，看来卖掉 VAIO 这个决定做得挺对（分享自 @知乎日报） 
#solar 
": Breaking News: Seahawks Defeat Broncos, 43-8, in Super Bowl XLVIII
" thoroughly...
": 优酷《纪念赵紫阳逝世九周年的视频是老虎庙拍的赵庄。除此之外有赵紫阳担任国家职务时的出访，人大、十三大的新闻实录，也有1989年5月19日晚杨尚昆、李鹏在党政军干部大会上的讲话，杜宪主持节目，还有89年天安门广场的纪念活动。"
Jeremy Lin's First Career Triple-Double (+playlist):  via @youtube
如果你的规划有条有理并且目标的选取是符合实际情况的话，你失败的几率就会减少。即使你每个月都不制定目标，也没有按计划执行，也没有总结和记下你所做的一切，没事。只要你完成了自己的目标，一样可以感觉很好。
The Economist’s Special Report On Tech Startups 
RT MOTO X: only the good die young
Nike: The No. 1 Most Innovative Company Of 2013 By   via 
may the odds be ever in you favor, happy chinese new year
#vscocam 

愿一袭踏尽长安花
愿满背飞雪皆不枉
The Webby Awards Gallery + Archive 
Lenovo Apparently Not Getting Regina Dugan's Advanced Research Group in $2.91 Billion Motorola Deal,


OMFG why lenovo!!!//It’s Official: Lenovo is Buying Motorola From Google for $2.91 billion


"But the offer is not enough, as there is no trust in him.”" 
Thibault Jorge, web project manager from Paris  webby best personal blog 2013,a project manager's past projects show
After Google Pressure, Samsung Will Dial Back Android Tweaks, Homegrown Apps


小狮子问狮子妈妈“幸福在哪里啊？”
狮子妈妈对小狮子说“幸福就在你的尾巴上。”
于是小狮子开始原地打转，抓自己的尾巴，怎么也抓不到，于是问妈妈“为什么我得不到自己的幸福呢？”
狮子妈妈回答道“傻孩子，幸福不是这样得来的，你只要昂首挺胸向前走，幸福就会跟上来。”
": 'WeChat' users,please have a look at this. "  that's interesting
seize the day &amp; enjoy the present
房产图片：澳大利亚“星舰”豪宅_图片频道-华尔街日报 
"《挪威的森林》：永泽宣称：对死后不足三十年的作家，原则上是不屑一顾的。那种书不足为信。不是说我不相信现代文学。我只是不愿意在阅读未经过时间洗礼的书籍方面浪费时间。人生短暂。" 
Ohio University Is The First To Have Blowjob Classes  via @ 
The Pocket Drone - Your personal flying robot by AirDroids  via 
且就洞庭赊月色，将船买酒白云边
从《小时代》到中国奢侈品形象危机 - 纽约时报 国际生活 
Behavioral Health Startup Sessions Launches To Provide Personalized Fitness Programs To All  via @techcrunch
腾讯科技·TMT解码No.16创业为何越来越难成功？蝉游记郭子威认为并非是百度、阿里、腾讯等挤压了小公司的生存空间，而是行业渠道成本太高，所有产品都已经无法快速获取流量，怎么推都很难
腾讯科技·TMT解码No.16创业者创造出一个新产品的前几个月是最开心的时候，但往往产品推出后第一次接受市场检验的时候心情便开始变差，大部分的产品都会遇到明显的问题；随之要想办法不断去解决各种新的问题，慢慢地心情越来越低落——大部分创业公司是这样的，在这个过程中死掉。
FitStar Raises $1M From Floodgate, Google Ventures To Revolutionize Home Fitness From The iPad  via @techcrunch
图书只有两成看上去还好，推荐人中多是作家而已 2013年年度盘点 - 纽约时报 国际生活 
A Dark Look at Modeling in China -   that stories show China's power in a little aspect
可是一旦让用户感觉使用App本身的精力超过了要用App解决的需求的时候，似乎抛弃它而转投别的App就是大多数人的选择了 via pingwest
黑夜给了我黑色的眼睛，我却用它研究CV | 36氪


 fucking sexy 
RT你是否想有一台时光机，回到她20岁22岁的年纪，在食堂、在图书馆、在主干道上，走上前去或礼貌或猥琐或忐忑的说一声：你好。那时候的她，穿着鲜艳的长裙素面朝天，穿着匡威白色帆布鞋

Inside the Mansion—and Mind— of Kim Dotcom, the Most Wanted Man on the Net | Threat Level 
China's Instant Cities By Peter Hessler National Magazine Awards2008- National Geographic Magazine 
WORKING TITLESWhat do the most industrious people on earth read for fun?  BY LESLIE T. CHANG  via 
Leslie T. Chang: Factory Girls:  via @youtube
Leslie T. Chang: The voices of China's workers:  via @youtube
If a Time Traveller Saw a Smartphone : The New Yorker -  
the award for central bank of the year goes to...The People's Bank of China? Via wsj
米聊的对对碰和来往的敲门
Hold my opponent 凯文·凯利是不是大忽悠 
凯文 凯利（KK）和他的中国梦 
追赶那个曾经被寄托希望的自己
RT : If you have ever or never suffered from depression, then point your eyes at this bookery by . http://t.co/K…
How far you could get from New York in one day—back in the day


常恐秋风早，飘零君不知
银烛吐青烟，金樽对绮筵。
离堂思琴瑟，别路绕山川。
明月隐高树，长河没晓天。
悠悠洛阳道，此会在何年。
Your 2014 Resolution: Drink Adventurously


Gramovox™ Bluetooth Gramophone by Gramovox  via 
David Pogue launchers .
 很狠的评价
RT : Amazon confirms that the giant Amazon box from Reddit is real and reveals another photo  via @DelRe…
RT : "外出旅遊，你為什麼不該急著拍照？科學告訴你 - 優生活 - 旅遊 - PanSci 泛科學網 - 商業周刊" (  )
": I love this. " expressive
Omfg 
$1 Billion as Milestone and Omen 
"2013年11月，复旦大学医院管理研究所揭晓了2012年度的《中国最佳医院排行榜》和《最佳专科声誉排行榜》" 
love handles and flops sweat
全美最酷的办公场所_科技_腾讯网 
RT : Isles of Scilly: you won't want to leave! 
精灵雪夜忽投宿，君子亦暖叩柴扉
Amazing song from Howard to Bernadette on Big Bang Theory s7e6
坐对韦编灯动壁 高歌夜半雪压庐
You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello


nothing but piddle away the time.no.........
Have a good last day
" vicious circle "
am i trumpery
爱别离，怨憎会，撒手西归，全无是类，不过是满眼空花，一片虚幻
别来春半，触目柔肠断。砌下落梅如雪乱，拂了一身还满。雁来音信无凭，路遥归梦难成。离恨恰如春草，更行更远还生
心事竟谁知，月明花满枝
Should have a firm faith but not vagrant thought
Happy holiday
Google Santa Tracker - Follow Santa on his journey around the world - 
go ahead and scoff me

RT : We've reached the last stage of grief: acceptance. Rest In Peace Nicholas Brody. #Homeland 
Quakers
Just checked wiki for 'little round top'
I dream that a sea breeze ventilated the rooms.
sea breeze ventilated the rooms
18 Examples Of Kobe Bryant's Insane Work Ethic


RT : The future is looking awesome!


our shadows stretched long over the meadow eastward, as if we were the only motes in its beams
RT : Hui'an Maiden (惠安女) 
 really....?
There is nothing noble in being superior to some other man. The true nobility is in being superior to your previous self.
#Howto be a dart throwing pro! Revine for more! With Christi Scheeres &amp; Cameron Goldsworthy 
might complain,wondering why not born at the right .When feel depressed,become poignancy and warp, and feel the whole world is against us.
Don't be such a namby-pamby!
Have we not groveled here long enough, eating and drinking like mere brutes?
居然算早
RT : TIME presents "The Year in 365 Pictures"  #TIME2013
loneliness and solitude leisureliness of time
RT : Chinese authorities conduct unannounced 'inspections' of Bloomberg News bureaus  (cmts http://t.co…
"in the lurch" ... December NOW
 买了什么好deal？
" doesn't seem to have much gumption."
I lose the ability to grit teeth
科技营销变得越来越聪明，而科技媒体正变得越来越蠢 

"fatigue"
RT : #sharejoy 
offering no hope..bleak....nonononon
  菲裔居然最高。。。求出处
only a diaphanous hope of success....?
"unpromising"  no...
RT : 如何讓需要消耗意志力的事情變成習慣？為可能發生的高壓環境提前做訓練，讓需要做的事情變成例行事務，然後壓力的拐點就是提示。  This is how willpower becomes a habit: by …
 Harden rips into Lin : nba 
obsolescent 73, more 521..more
I suppose we at PEN have an optimistic view of human nature: that,
given full access to everything on the menu, people on the whole will reject the tyrannical, the sadistic, and the repugnant.
Never relinquish
 I like you video that pick up girls on beach by chinese, super funny..!!!
Strap an iPhone to your head for a window into your mind | Crave - CNET 
I know what I am catching.. 

 
A person's character isn't determined by how he or she enjoys victory, but rather how he or she endures defeat -from House of Cards
goodbye igoogle, thank you for showing me another view of world when I am real sophmore //igoogle - Google Search 
such late night/ sank into depression/heard their recent story LXH/ZN
You'd better catch the chance and show us that you're not a nonentity
RT : best part about Android 4.4? hands down, Chrome powered WebView:  - woot!
I hate Bosh before..
got those names of Sushi Bars!//Sushi’s New Vanguard 
November
11
There is a name for the generic shoulder shrug-the buzzing indifference, as if it's always 90 degrees in the shade after a large lunch.
The word is acedia. It is the weariness of effort that extends to the heart and becomes a weariness of caring.
wistful
having sad thoughts and feelings about something that you want to have or do and especially about something that made you happy in the past
don't be stuck in dejection and waste time, turn attitude
devious super genious?//Ted Kaczynski - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 
You need a lot more than vision — you need a stubbornness , tenacity, belief and patience to stay the course
 is there an plan to build a Android app? Thanks for the amazing product.
Front Row to Fashion Week - Interactive Feature 
A Game of Shark and Minnow - Who Will Win Control of the South China Sea? 
Reshaping New York - Interactive Feature 
Riding the New Silk Road - Interactive Feature 
The Voting Blocs of New York City - Interactive Feature 
Reshaping New York - Interactive Feature 
The Russia Left Behind 
devious super genious?//Ted Kaczynski - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 
来自知乎 “增肌的瓶颈期往往需要靠深蹲和硬拉突破”
金鱼症，注意力只有8秒【商业周刊中文版：网络综合症】网络综合症包括：拖延症、金鱼症、下载强迫症、晒生活强迫症等。
  。。求研究出处
disconsolate
RT : The 22 Best Reasons to Visit #Seattle: 
I hate cheating //南方周末 - 被包装的“苦难”？ 傅苹在美国讲“文革”故事 
Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity ...:  via @youtube
Investigate Jimmy Kimmel Kid&amp;#039;s Table Government Shutdown Show on ABC Network 

If never get easier, you just get better
 ..are you real real Yao?
RT : Google's $12.5 billion Motorola acquisition is burning cash.  
Easiness of Girls By Country 

渐成己所恶
更加买不起了Apple finally finds new Head of Retail: Burberry CEO Angela Ahrendts. Will begin in Spring 2014, run Online Stores too
Night
RT : 「500 MPH」  #feedly
always be strenuous
loser remorses always.
fail to all ordeals
Could there be a mountain precipitous than this 山之险峻 宁有逾此
disgusting comes with jealousy and envy
the indefatigable man is in his element!!!
雨打芭蕉心欲碎，声声催忆当初。欲眠还展旧时书。鸳鸯小字，犹记手生疏。 倦眼乍低缃帙乱，重看一半模糊。幽窗冷雨一灯孤。料应缘尽，还道有情无？
Fire alarm...
 學妹畢業了嗎
 翻過去twitter看到學。。妹？
3 to now. On the pink bed
Amazing...!/Wefunder 打造股权投资新模式，最低1000美元任何人即可参与投资创业公司，也让中国投资人可小额参与投资YC公司 
 where is the click to recover last session on chrome 29.0?
有约不来过夜半，闲敲棋子落灯花。
fickleness of human nature
RT : 【任天堂缔造者山内溥去世】日本公司任天堂原社长山内溥周四在京都逝世，享年85岁。他22岁起接管家族企业，把一个牌类制造商改造为全球电子游戏巨头。
 asiba!
 。。他写的呢
 学长认为他的媒体如何？
Not only one hate Apple 
 Tokyo +1
No  Nokia-made-Android phone anymore.  That's sad. #Nokia
Chagrin on myself? 
 impressive
/@鄭峻:也有这种感觉，时常自省，觉得面目可憎，恐是南郭先生。//@和菜头:会很苦恼。我转第一份职的时候，忧虑了近三个月，非常担忧雇主看穿我其实什么都不会做，但是花了冤枉钱雇佣我。后来我才知道，这叫黑暗期，任何人转换新环境，新工作，都得生熬。不过，多来几次就适应了。

九月

Omg 
