港媒：击破中共〝大地回春〞梦的两道惊雷: 【新唐人2014年2月7日讯】(新唐人记者唐迪综合报导)... 
智能手机拍照 小心个人信息外洩:... 
World Sochi Olympics 2014 Opening Ceremony: Kicks Off With Hope and Hubris: SOCHI, Russia — A Russia in search of... 
New York Hollywood Stars Mourn at Philip Seymour Hoffman’s Funeral: NEW YORK—Philip Seymour Hoffman’s private... 
Sports Top-seeded Fognini Reaches Semifinals In Chile: VINA DEL MAR, Chile— Top-seeded Fabio Fognini of Italy... 
王贵成：毛泽东为何把林彪逼上〝叛党叛国〞绝路　: 【新唐人2014年2月7日讯】1971年9月13日，发生了当时震惊中外的〝九．一三〞事件——... 
Sports Russian TV Shows Doctored Video Of Olympic Rings: SOCHI, Russia— Smoke and mirrors? Russian state... 
正确洗脸的小窍门: 洗脸的生活小窍门 洗脸是每天必做的事情，如果洗脸不正确会严重影响脸部气色和美容养颜，甚至会产生斑点、痘痘、皱纹等后果 
Cambodian Court Frees Two of 23 Held in Strike Clampdown: The order comes days ahead of an appeal against a... 
North Koreans Forced to Register Livestock for Military Leather Supplies: A new system will require households to... 
Thousands of Tibetans Pressure Monastery to Push for Monk's Release: Protests grow larger as repeated appeals... 
World Violent Anti-govt Protests Spread Across Bosnia: SARAJEVO, Bosnia-Herzegovina — Anti-government protesters... 
DeutschlandRussisches Fernsehen zeigte Panne bei Olympia-Eröffnung nicht: Nach einer Panne bei der Eröffnungsshow... 
DeutschlandGewinnzahlen Eurojackpot: Gewinnzahlen 5 aus 50: 16 - 18 - 20 - 36 - 49 Eurozahlen 2 aus 8: 3 - 4... 
DeutschlandUSA: Nulands Äußerung spiegelt Haltung zur EU nicht wider: Das US-Außenministerium hat sich im Wirbel... 
2014-02-07 22：00PM 晚间新闻: 收听 | 
Sports Zook, Gash Hired As Packers Coaches: GREEN BAY, Wis.— Green Bay Packers coach Mike McCarthy has chosen... 
Sports Falcons Name Harman Assistant Offensive Line Coach: FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga.— The Atlanta Falcons have hired... 
Jailed Vietnamese Dissident Launches Hunger Strike: Le Quoc Quan said he has been denied legal and religious... 
World Andrew David Sicam, Gerard Baja, Anna Van Deven, Alex Laring ID’ed as Victims in Bus Crash: Filipino... 
World Tado Jimenez Dead: Comedian Arvin Jimenez Dies, Joked About Death Day Earlier; ‘RIP’ Condolences on Twitter 
Sport0:1 gegen Bayer - Gladbach mit dritter Rückrundenpleite (+Fotogalerie): Nach der besten Hinrunde seiner... 
中国人曾大战外星人？: 【新唐人2014年2月7日讯】有关外星人预谋侵占地球的传说，一直在民间流传。此前，《新纪元周刊》刊发文章说，根据一些中国的古代壁画显示，中国北方地区可能曾受过外星人的侵略。... 
Sportdpa-Nachrichtenüberblick Sport: Schlechtester Rückrundenstart von Gladbach - 0:1 gegen Bayer 04 Bayer 04... 
Sports Raiola Signs 1-year Deal With Lions: ALLEN PARK, Mich.— Detroit center Dominic Raiola is returning for a... 
Sports Vikings Release LB Erin Henderson: EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn.— The Minnesota Vikings have released linebacker... 
DeutschlandDow Jones schafft auf Wochensicht ein Plus - Arbeitslosenquote sinkt: Die US-Börsen haben eine... 
North Koreans Forced to Register Livestock for Military Leather Supplies: A new system will require households to... 
#Sid2014: #DiadaInternetSegura 2014 será no dia 11 de fevereiro: O Dia da Internet Segura ( #SecurityInternetDay... 
WirtschaftNew Yorker Schlusskurse am 7.02.2014: Die 30 Aktien des Dow Jones Industrial Index wiesen am 7.02.2014... 
Arts-Culture ‘Canada Roars’ Showcases Canadian Music at Winterlude 2014: With the 36th edition of #Ottawa’s... 
Sport0:1 gegen Bayer - Gladbach mit dritter Rückrundenpleite: Nach der besten Hinrunde seiner Geschichte hat... 
Business US to Get About $17.2 Trillion Debt Limit Friday: WASHINGTON — The U.S. government is getting a new... 
粤医失职致产妇死亡引数万民抗议: 收听 | 【希望之声2014年2月7日讯】广东湛江市坡头区一产妇6日在许爱周医院产后失血过多死亡，家属连续两天示威抗议医院草菅人命，数万群众围观指责医生不负责任，被特警镇压，十多人被抓捕 
DeutschlandSchlechtester Rückrundenstart von Gladbach - 0:1 gegen Bayer 04: Bayer 04 Leverkusen hat seinen... 
Environment (环境): Transparency in the haze: the government takes steps towards more openness The Economist,... 
Entertainment ‘Law &amp; Order: SVU’ Spoilers for Rest of Season 15: New “Law &amp; Order: SVU” spoilers have just come... 
SportErgebnisse und Tabelle 1. Bundesliga - 20. Spieltag: Bor. Mönchengladbach - Bayer Leverkusen 0:1 (0:0) SC... 
Sportdpa-Nachrichtenüberblick Olympia: Putin eröffnet Olympische Winterspiele in Sotschi Die Olympischen... 
Sport0:1 gegen Bayer - Gladbach mit dritter Rückrundenpleite: Nach der besten Hinrunde seiner Geschichte hat... 
Sport1. Bundesliga: Leverkusen gewinnt in Mönchengladbach 1:0: Bayer 04 Leverkusen hat zum Auftakt des 20.... 
Tech Google Maps iOS Upgrade Now Flags Faster Routes: Google Maps in the latest upgrade for iOS on the iPhone and... 
WirtschaftDow Jones schließt zum Wochenende mit deutlichen Gewinnen: An der New Yorker Börse hat der... 
Entertainment Thor 3 Rumors: Movie Could be About Ragnarok, be Combined with Agents of Shield: Rumors are flying... 
Many Chinese National Parks, Reserves Fail To Protect Environment: Officials with vested economic interests... 
Guangzhou Officials Delay Chinese Rights Lawyer's Trial: Guo Feixiong's case has been sent back to police for... 
跌破眼镜 邓文迪与布莱尔和施密特均有染(组图): 【希望之声2014年02月06日讯】去年底，传媒大亨默多克与华裔妻子邓文迪在纽约一法庭正式离婚 
DeutschlandSturm wirbelt im Westen Deutschlands - ICE kracht in Baumkrone: Sturmböen haben im Westen Deutschlands... 
DeutschlandUkrainische Behörde: Mutmaßlicher Flugzeugentführer war betrunken: Der wegen versuchter... 
Só com a ajuda de #SãoPedro: D#ilma só se salva se São Pedro resolver ajudá-la imediata e intensamente. A matéria... 
Environment (环境): Sweeping change across China's Inner Mongolia BBC记者实地采访：巨变中的内蒙古 British Broadcasting... 
Health (健康): China the hardest hit by global surge in cancer, says WHO report South China Morning Post, February... 
Information Control (信息控制): Transparency in the haze: the government takes steps towards more openness The... 
Hong Kong (香港): Hong Kong paper ousts top editor, stirring concern 《明报》总编换人，港人忧心新闻自由 The New York Times, February... 
Human Rights Defenders (人权卫士): 刘霞获准在除夕夜探视刘晓波 (Liu Xia permitted to visit Liu Xiaobo on New Year’s Eve) Deutsche... 
Tibet (西藏): China tells Spain to prevent Tibet-related lawsuits 中国要西班牙防止再发生西藏相关的诉讼 Reuters (English), February 7,... 
Opinion (观点): The Censorship Pendulum “对不起，原文已经被删除” The New York Times, February 6, 2014 ... 
Religion (宗教): 奥巴马呼吁中国缅甸尊重宗教自由 (Obama urges China and Myanmar to respect religious freedom) The Economist,... 
Media (媒体): 王功权“认罪视频”险上央视 (Friend hints at Wang Gongquan being forced to confess) Deutsche Welle, February 7,... 
World Michael Hutchence: Ahead of Miniseries About INXS, a Look at Daughter Tiger Lily: After Michael Hutchence... 
Entertainment Michael Hutchence: Ahead of Miniseries About INXS, a Look at Daughter Tiger Lily: After Michael... 
World Ukrainian Man Who Tried to Hijack Plane to Sochi Olympics, Detained: ANKARA, Turkey  — A Ukrainian... 
Arts-Culture A Look at a Real Man Portrayed in ‘Monuments Men’: DALLAS—As part of an Allied mission tasked with... 
DeutschlandIfo-Chef Sinn begrüßt Karlsruher Entscheidung zu EZB-Anleihekaufprogramm: Ifo-Präsident Hans-Werner... 
Sports Ukrainian Man Who Tried to Hijack Plane to Sochi Olympics, Detained: ANKARA, Turkey  — A Ukrainian... 
Sports Ted Agu Dead: University of California Football Player Dies During Training: Ted Agu, a University of... 
Sports Sochi Problems: #SochiProblems Highlights Problems in Olympic Host City: Sochi has problems, and the... 
华为涉嫌入侵印度电信遭调查: 【希望之声2014年02月07日讯】2月7日,印度通信和信息技术部高官Killi Kruparani 就日前印度媒体报道的关于华为涉嫌入侵印度国营电信公司Bharat Sanchar Nigam... 
Entertainment A Look at a Real Man Portrayed in ‘Monuments Men’: DALLAS—As part of an Allied mission tasked with... 
WirtschaftS&amp;P droht Türkei mit Herabstufung der Kreditwürdigkeit: Die Ratingagentur Standard &amp; Poor's (S&amp;P) hat... 
WirtschaftGriechischer Finanzminister: Drittes Rettungspaket unnötig: Aus Sicht von Griechenlands Finanzminister... 
DeutschlandCDU zieht mit McAllister in Europawahlkampf: Die CDU zieht mit dem früheren niedersächsischen... 
DeutschlandErneut tödlicher Unfall bei Bauarbeiten für WM-Stadion in Manaus: Bei den Bauarbeiten für das... 
DeutschlandGrüne gelassen vor Kandidaten-Duell für Europa-Wahlliste: Die Grünen starten in einen turbulenten... 
DeutschlandDAX: Schlusskurse im Späthandel am 7.02.2014 um 20:30 Uhr: An der Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse wurden... 
DeutschlandS&amp;P droht Türkei mit Herabstufung der Kreditwürdigkeit: Die Ratingagentur Standard &amp; Poor's (S&amp;P) hat... 
DeutschlandGriechischer Finanzminister: Drittes Rettungspaket unnötig: Aus Sicht von Griechenlands Finanzminister... 
#JosevalPeixoto fala sobre a #liberdadedeexpressão: O jornalista Joseval Peixoto faz um sucinto e belo comentário... 
SportHaas zieht in Zagreb ins Halbfinale ein - 549. Sieg: Tommy Haas hat das Halbfinale beim ATP-Turnier in... 
Sports Titans Hire Toriscelli As Sports Medicine Director: NASHVILLE, Tenn.— The Tennessee Titans have hired Todd... 
Education (教育): 亚洲高考竞争疯狂 (The crazy competitiveness of Asia’s college entrance exams) Radio France... 
WirtschaftDAX: Schlusskurse im Späthandel am 7.02.2014 um 20:30 Uhr: An der Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse wurden im... 
DeutschlandCDU zieht mit McAllister in Europawahlkampf: Die CDU schickt den europapolitisch unerfahrenen... 
DeutschlandZweitliga-Schlusslicht Cottbus bleibt glücklos - Frankfurt siegt: Der Tabellenletzte Energie Cottbus... 
DeutschlandReport: Sotschi-Spiele haben begonnen: Die ersten Olympischen Winterspiele in Russland können... 
韩国总统：坚决回击朝鲜挑衅: 就朝鲜半岛安全局势，韩国总统朴槿惠2月7日在主持防卫会议时表示，严厉应对朝鲜的挑衅，应坚决予以回击 
【索契冬奥】五环缺一环 争议声中的绚丽 
炸弹威胁 乌克兰男子企劫机到索契冬奥: 【希望之声2014年02月07日讯】7日，一架由乌克兰飞往土耳其的客机收到炸弹恐吓，一名男乘客报称机上有炸弹，要求客机转飞正在举行冬奥会的俄罗斯索契 
Sport2. Bundesliga: Cottbus verliert gegen Sandhausen 0:1: Der FC Energie Cottbus hat durch einen späten... 
SportSchlusslicht Cottbus bleibt glücklos - Frankfurt siegt: Der Tabellenletzte Energie Cottbus bleibt in der 2.... 
SportErgebnisse und Tabelle 2. Bundesliga - 20. Spieltag: VfL Bochum - FSV Frankfurt 1:2 (0:0) Energie Cottbus -... 
Video Ariana Grande Sings With Japanese Beatboxer Hikakin [Watch Here]: Ariana Grande joined Hikakin, a popular... 
Style Mercedes-Benz #Fashion Week Fall 2014 Collections Live Stream: Watch a live stream here all week of the... 
Sports Gasquet Advances To Open Sud De France Semis: MONTPELLIER, France— Top-seeded Richard Gasquet of France... 
Tech Flappy Bird: Online Flash Game Now Available (+Hack, Cheats): Flappy Bird, a game available for Android and... 
Tech Super Smash Bros 4 News: Character Powers, New Item and Assist Trophy Revealed: Super Smash Bros 4 for Wii U... 
Tech Dark Souls 2: Release Date for Dark Souls II Coming May; Developer Explains Game Difficulty: “Dark Souls II”... 
Sobre as funções do #governo em geral: Uma das questões mais discutidas na ciência política se relaciona com os... 
Video These People Thought They Were Hearing Things. They Thought Right: For more cool #pranks, check out... 
Video Cookie the Little #Penguin at the Cincinnati Zoo: For more on Cookie and other birds, see... 
大陆禽流感突破300例 官方隐瞒疫情: 中国大陆感染H7N9禽流感人数持续增加，截至2月7日，禽流感确诊病例已突破300例 
Entertainment Mimi O’Donnell, Philip Seymour Hoffman’s Girlfriend, Mourns Actors Death with Hollywood Stars: NEW... 
SportOlympische Spiele in Sotschi eröffnet: Die Olympischen Winterspiele im russischen Sotschi sind eröffnet... 
Sports Anna Netrebko Astounds During Sochi Olympics Opening Ceremony: Anna Netrebko, the Russian opera singer,... 
潘石屹爆王功权〝认罪视频〞 录制6遍:... 
Life Cookie the Little #Penguin at the Cincinnati Zoo: For more on Cookie and other birds, see... 
Life Up Close and Personal With a Wild Mountain #Gorilla: Check out  for more photos and... 
Life Polite #Cat Gets a Pat: … The post Polite Cat Gets a Pat appeared first on The Epoch Times. 
World Three-Day #Syria Ceasefire Lets Civilians Leave City of Homs: BEIRUT—Children, elderly women on wheelchairs... 
DeutschlandEil+++ Olympisches Feuer in Sotschi brennt - Winterspiele eröffnet: Das olympische Feuer der... 
DeutschlandMassive Sicherheitsmaßnahmen bei Olympia-Eröffnung: Sicherheit ist eines der Top-Themen bei den... 
DeutschlandSteuersünder: Mehr als 26 000 Selbstanzeigen im vergangenen Jahr: Mehr als 26 000 Steuersünder haben... 
DeutschlandSturm wirbelt im Westen Deutschlands - ICE kracht in Baumkrone: Sturmböen haben im Westen Deutschlands... 
DeutschlandExplosion mit drei Toten - Stichverletzung bei Frau und Tochter: Ein lauter Knall erschüttert eine... 
Entertainment Rebecca McBrain, Meadow Walker Mother, Has Drinking Issues: Report: Rebecca McBrain, the mother of... 
Science 800,000 Year Old Footprints in England Are Said to be Oldest Ever Found: LONDON—They were a British... 
冬奥中共组团300人 运动员仅66人: 2月7日，第二十二届冬季奥林匹克运动会在俄罗斯索契开幕，中共当局派出339人的阵容中，运动员只有66人，舆论批评中共花着纳税人的钱为自己“贴金” 
Video Up Close and Personal With a Wild Mountain #Gorilla: Check out  for more photos and... 
Video Polite #Cat Gets a Pat: … The post Polite Cat Gets a Pat appeared first on The Epoch Times. 
US Salah Salahadyn and Universal Knowledge Allah Charged in Theft of Stradivarius Violin: MILWAUKEE—Two men... 
Business Pennsylvania Business Was Possible Backdoor for #Target #CyberAttack: NEW YORK— The hackers who stole... 
New York #HoffmanFuneral Draws Streep, Blanchett: NEW YORK (AP)—The private funeral for #PhilipSeymourHoffman in... 
New York Two Injured in Early Morning #ChelseaShooting: NEW YORK—Two people were injured in an early morning... 
DeutschlandEil+++ Putin eröffnet Olympische Winterspiele in Sotschi: Die Olympischen Winterspiele in Sotschi sind... 
SportOlympische Winterspiele in Sotschi eröffnet: Die Olympischen Winterspiele in Sotschi sind am Freitagabend... 
Sports CM Punk Challenged to Fight by Green Power Ranger: CM Punk, who recently quit the WWE, has been challenged... 
Sports Sochi Olympics Open With Spectacle of Music and Dance: SOCHI, Russia—Music, dance and plenty of Russian... 
Sports Passenger Tried to Hijack Plane To Sochi: ANKARA, Turkey— A passenger on board an Istanbul-bound flight... 
WirtschaftGriechischer Finanzminister: Drittes Rettungspaket unnötig: Der griechische Finanzminister Giannis... 
Tech ‘Find Your Best Friend On FB’ is Facebook Spam; Don’t Give it Access to Your Account: A Facebook application... 
World Sochi Olympics Open With Spectacle of Music and Dance: SOCHI, Russia—Music, dance and plenty of Russian... 
World Passenger Tried to Hijack Plane To Sochi: ANKARA, Turkey— A passenger on board an Istanbul-bound flight... 
A culpa é sempre do #usuário: São Paulo está sob ameaça de um #racionamento de água. A Sabesp diz que a culpa é... 
Vedci potvrdili dôležitosť empatie: Ilustračné foto. (Wikimedia Commons) Vedci z univerzity vo Virgínii skúmali... 
DeutschlandMedien: Versuchte Flugzeugentführung beendet - Täter überwältigt: Nach der versuchten Entführung eines... 
Deutschland«Fuck the EU»: Abgehörtes US-Telefonat überschattet Ukraine-Krise: Im ukrainischen Machtkampf hat eine... 
DeutschlandMedien: Türkisches Flugzeug sollte nach Sotschi entführt werden: Auf einem Flug aus der Ukraine nach... 
第22届索契冬奥会正式拉开帷幕: 俄罗斯索契当地时间2月7日晚上20点14分，2014年冬季奥运会开幕式正式开始 
Sports Worker Hurt Outside World Cup Venue In Brazil: SAO PAULO— A worker was injured in an accident outside the... 
World Tado ‘Arvin’ Jimenez Dead in Bus Crash: ‘Strangebrew’ and ‘Bontoc’ Host Remembered for Witty Quotes: Tado... 
#Brasil: a #sociedade das #emergências: No seu monumental Dicionário de Filosofia, Nicola Abbagnano emergências é... 
WeltMedien: Türkisches Flugzeug sollte nach Sotschi entführt werden: Ein in der Ukraine gestartetes türkisches... 
晨间新闻2月7日 星期五: 收听 | 
DeutschlandEil+++ Türkisches Flugzeug sollte nach Sotschi entführt werden: Ein in der Ukraine gestartetes... 
DeutschlandDax setzt Erholung nach US-Arbeitsmarktdaten fort: Nach den monatlichen US-Arbeitsmarktdaten hat der... 
Entertainment Walking Dead Season 4 Spoilers: New Preview, Predictions From Cast and Director: The Walking Dead... 
Video After Seeing This Rare Video, Your Perception of the Universe Will Never Be the Same Again: The universe is... 
Science After Seeing This Rare Video, Your Perception of the Universe Will Never Be the Same Again: The universe... 
Business Why There May Be Fewer Truly New #Drugs Hitting the Market: By Akshat Rathi, The Conversation Developing... 
DeutschlandWetter: Niederschläge klingen ab: In der Nacht zu Sonnabend klingen die Niederschläge ab und... 
DeutschlandMehr als 11 000 rechtsextreme Straftaten im vergangenen Jahr: Die Sicherheitsbehörden haben im... 
天下纵横 2014-02-08 00:00 凌晨新闻: 收听 | 
Style What Are They Wearing at New York #Fashion Week (Part 2): See the slideshow for street-style from the New... 
Sports Sochi Olympics 2014 Opening Ceremony: What is the Time, Channel (Photos, No Live Stream): The opening... 
Life #Dog Adopts 10 Baby #Chicks: Bailey the dog (half Coyote/Retriever) stumbled upon these baby chicks without... 
Life Cute #Kitten Gets Hypnotised: Phoebe the kitten can’t resist the oscillating little golden bell.… The post... 
WirtschaftDAX: Schlusskurse im XETRA-Handel am 7.02.2014 um 17:55 Uhr: An der Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse wurden... 
Tech Nujabes: Fans Remember Birthday of Producer Seba Jun: Nujabes–the hip hop producer who died tragically in a... 
Deutschlanddpa-Nachrichtenüberblick Politik: „Fuck the EU“: Abgehörtes US-Telefonat überschattet Ukraine-Krise Im... 
DeutschlandHamburg: Pfadfinder entdecken Leiche in Koffer: Zwei 16-jährige Pfadfinder haben in Hamburg eine... 
DeutschlandDAX: Schlusskurse im XETRA-Handel am 7.02.2014 um 17:55 Uhr: An der Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse wurden... 
US Jeremy Abbott Fall Leaves US Behind in Figure Skating; Bronze May be Best Hope: SOCHI, Russia—Meryl Davis and... 
Video #Dog Adopts 10 Baby #Chicks: Bailey the dog (half Coyote/Retriever) stumbled upon these baby chicks without... 
Video Cute #Kitten Gets Hypnotised: Phoebe the kitten can’t resist the oscillating little golden bell.… The post... 
Video Dudes Can ‘#LetItGo,’ Too: Singer #CalebHyles belts out everybody’s (possibly?) favorite hit from Disney’s... 
Sports Jeremy Abbott Fall Leaves US Behind in Figure Skating; Bronze May be Best Hope: SOCHI, Russia—Meryl Davis... 
World Violent Protests Spreading Across #Bosnia: TUZLA, Bosnia-Herzegovina—Bosnian protesters stormed and set... 
Life Greatest Romance Movie of the 2000s + #Cats = Double the Awesome: Kitties act out scenes of ‘#TheNotebook.’... 
Tech ‘Michael Vick Hospitalized in Pit Bull Attack’ is Satire News: Michael Vick was not hospitalized in a pit... 
DeutschlandPolizei verfolgt nach Feuer in Hamburg «sehr guten» Hinweis: Hamburg (dpa) - Zwei Tage nach dem Brand... 
DeutschlandPanne bei Eröffnung: Flocke statt olympischer Ring: Kurz nach Beginn der Eröffnungsfeier zu den... 
DeutschlandPanne bei Eröffnung: Flocke statt olympischer Ring: Kurz nach Beginn der Eröffnungsfeier zu den... 
Entertainment Big Pun: Twitter Remembers Life of Big Punisher Christopher Rios: Big Pun, the Bronx-born rapper... 
Video Greatest Romance Movie of the 2000s + #Cats = Double the Awesome: Kitties act out scenes of ‘#TheNotebook.’... 
WirtschaftDAX schließt zum Wochenende mit leichten Gewinnen: Der DAX hat den elektronischen Handel in Frankfurt... 
Health Five Numbers You Need to Know by Heart for Good Heart Health: COLUMBUS, Ohio—Pass codes, phone numbers,... 
DeutschlandEröffnungsfeier der Olympischen Winterspiele in Sotschi beginnt: Die Eröffnungsfeier der Olympischen... 
DeutschlandTarifrunde: Bahn und Gewerkschaft nähern sich an: Die Deutsche Bahn und die Lokführergewerkschaft GDL... 
王全璋揭律所黑幕众律师吁查办: 收听 | 
Many Chinese National Parks, Reserves Fail To Protect Environment: Officials with vested economic interests... 
Entertainment J Dilla Birthday Remembered: Twitter Celebrates 40th Birthday of Producer Jay Dee: J Dilla, the... 
SportEröffnungsfeier der Olympischen Winterspiele beginnt: Die Eröffnungsfeier der Olympischen Winterspiele in... 
Video Don’t You Wish He’s Your Science Teacher?: Comedian #ReggieWatts teaches his class about protons, contons,... 
WirtschaftTarifrunde: Bahn und Gewerkschaft nähern sich an: Die Deutsche Bahn und die Lokführergewerkschaft GDL... 
Life These Plants Are the Next Best Thing to Chocolate: With Valentine’s Day coming up, thoughts naturally turn... 
#BianQue, o “Doutor Milagre”: Muitos médicos famosos chineses eram cultivadores taoístas que colocavam especial... 
DeutschlandMilupa ruft Spezialnahrung für Frühgeborene zurück: Milupa ruft Spezialnahrung für Frühgeborene... 
DeutschlandKarlsruhe überlässt Entscheidung zu EZB-Anleihekauf dem EuGH: Das Bundesverfassungsgericht hält das... 
DeutschlandRichter schlägt Vergleich im Prozess gegen Hypo Real Estate vor: Die verstaatlichte Immobilienbank... 
DeutschlandLokführerstreik zunächst vom Tisch - Fortschritte in Tarifrunde: Bei der Deutschen Bahn ist ein... 
#روسیه #آمریکا را به حمایت از مخالفان #اوکراین متهم کرد: دولت روسیه، آمریکا را به حمایت از مخالفان اوکراین و... 
نگاهی به سی و دومین جشنواره‌ی #فیلم فجر در نیمه‌ی راه: پنجمین روز از سی و دومین جشنواره‌ی فیلم فجر پنجشنبه شب... 
آغاز رقابت‌های #المپیکزمستانی: رقابت‌های المپیک زمستانی امروز ۱۸ بهمن در شهر #سوچیروسیه آغاز می‌شود. مراسم... 
شاهین دزد و فیلم‌‌برداری ماهرانه (#ویدئو): شاهین کاراکارا که #دوربینمخفی تخم‌‌‌مرغی را دزدید، از هوا از کلونی... 
همه ما حداقل ۳ #چشم داریم که یکی از آنها داخل سرمان است: #غدهصنوبری در مغز انسان ساختار یک چشم را دارد. آن... 
مترجم «#صدسالتنهایی» درگذشت: «#بهمنفرزانه»، مترجم نام‌آشنای #ایرانی درگذشت. (حمیدرضا دستجردی) «بهمن فرزانه»،... 
هشدار دانشمندان درباره شیوع نوع جدیدی از #آنفولانزای پرندگان در#چین: نوع جهش‌یافته جدیدی از ویروس... 
US U.S. #Jobs Growth Slow for Third Straight Month: WASHINGTON—A surprisingly weak jobs report for a second... 
SportEx-Hamburger Olic: HSV müsste um ganz andere Tabellenplätze spielen: Für Profifußballer Ivica Olic müsste... 
Science Eight Aroostook County Residents Face Poaching Charges: ALLAGASH, Maine — Maine authorities have charged... 
