Join the Taiwanese Hokkien singers, Cai Xiao Hu (蔡小虎) and Ye Ai Ling (叶瑷菱) for a memorable concert on 17th &amp; 18th... 
The next time you decide to have salad at the Bakery, why not jazz it up by adding extra toppings? 
Here, we are... 
Can you spot Chin Swee Temple? ;) 
It was 14 degrees this morning! Cold foggy day! But that's how many of  us like it!!
How many ping pong balls could you bounce into the Jumping Bee game board’s holes? Go give it a shot and tell us... 
Describe Fantastica!2 in one word. Share with us your thoughts.   
[Live update]
Our magician, Andrew Lee, entertaining a massive crowd at Times Square stage now....Woohooooooo! :D 
Happy Monday peeps! We are giving away 20 pairs of tickets in conjunction with the 30th Anniversary Transformers... 
(Notice)Please be informed that there are changes in the operating hours of Patio, Hou Sek, and Lobby Café.
Patio... 
Can you spot Chin Swee Temple from here? ;) 
Bumblebee is here to say hi to our fans! Stay tuned to our Facebook tomorrow as we will be giving away FREE... 
Thank you for partcipating in our Instagram ‘Fun-filled School Holidays at Resorts World Genting’ Photo Contest.... 
The chefs at the new Hou Mei Resort Hotel recommend this….. yummy!! What's your favourite? 
Come on up and join us for a special evening with David Tao when he performs up here on 18th January 2014! ;) 
A must-try attraction during the 30th Anniversary Transformers Expo! Experience the Augmented Reality (AR)... 
10 tries per play to get at least one ring around the neck of our Double Ring Toss game at the Vision City Video... 
I posted 12 photos on Facebook in the album "30th Anniversary Transformers Expo Malaysia Soft Launch" 
We are at the Times Square stage now for the Transformers Expo soft launch..... Come join us! 
Savour an authentic chinese feast before the Chinese New Year with our Pre-Chinese New Year Promotion at these... 
Spotted! Our Autobots getting ready for tommorow's soft launch of the 30th Anniversary Transformers Expo Malaysia.... 
A must-try attraction during the 30th Anniversary Transformers Expo! Experience the Augmented Reality (AR)... 
It's bright and sunny up here today...
We are so blessed &lt;3 
Have you tried the combo of Bubbles &amp; Bites' Caesar Salad, Peri Peri Chicken Wings, and Seafood Aglio Olio?
It's... 
30 000 tickets from RM 34 onwards?? That's what we call an irresistible offer ;) 
Flash your valid Indoor Theme Park wristband at selected F&amp;B outlets for great deals!
Offers starts today till... 
Be sure to check out our Double Ring Toss game at the Indoor Theme Park when you are up at the Resort! It's... 
Congratulations to Resort Hotel for the opening of their new Resort Seafood &amp; Hou Mei Restaurant! 
We can see the... 
Happy Sunday all! 
Check out our resident band, D'screammers, jamming at Cloud 9 now....
It's a Saturday night so let's party people! ;) 
The first week of year 2014 is almost over!!  So how did you spend it? :)
Calling all Transformers fans!!!
Be sure to check out the 3D showdown between Autobots and Decepticons during... 
We have an update for you foodies out there! 
Go check out New Orleans' new menu...
Here, we have their Cheese... 
I posted 7 photos on Facebook in the album "Sakura &amp; Friends New Year's Eve Concert 《金曲满天星云顶演唱会》" 
I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "Sakura &amp; Friends New Year's Eve Concert 《金曲满天星云顶演唱会》" 
Yuhooooooo! Here’s a sneak peek of the new Hou Mei &amp; Resort Seafood at Resort Hotel........ 
Attention ladies! This handsome quartet is set to steal your hearts away on  14th &amp; 15th March 2014….
Start... 
Enjoy selected Nestlé beverages for only RM 1 when you dine at Hou Mei, Lobby Café and Nanyang Beverage Counter.... 
The weather up here today is truly divine! Hope everyone is having an awesome day :) 
It’s Day-1 of school!!  Study hard and we hope to see you up here again during the school holidays :)
Catch the “Prince of Love Ballads”, Jeff Chang, up at the resort this 8th March 2014! Don’t miss it!... 
We have 2 special Transformers at the Universal Walk today! Guess who? ;)
It's the first day of the year! 
We would love to hear your 2014 goals ;) 
It’s the first day of the year!
What is your New Year’s resolution??? :)
Happy new year everyone..... 
Party like a rock star at the Patio's LED party! Cheers! 
Catch Yu Tian (余天) performing his famous hit ‘Rong Shu Xia’ (榕树下), Sakura Teng (樱花) singing James Brown’s ‘Papa... 
Wondering where to spend New Year’s Eve?  Come on up and join us for an awesome countdown celebration…..

- South... 
 Hi! The Outdoor Theme Park is closed until early 2016 to make way for the Twentieth Century Fox World theme park. Thanks.
'Sue Rey and Power Station Live in Genting' announced! Meet the rock stars at Arena of Stars on 26  April 2014.... 
How are you gonna usher the New Year? Share your tips : )
Grab this Baby Blanket at RM3 when you spend RM48 in a single receipt at Baby Poney, Resorts World Genting. 
Enjoy 20% discount (applicable to Genting Rewards member) or 15% discount (applicable to non-member) when you... 
Notice: There will be no fireworks on New Year’s Eve at Resorts World Genting this year due to the closure of... 
IL DIVO - A Musical Affair: The Greatest Songs of Broadway Live 
Date: 14 and 15 March 2014... 
Dubbed as the ‘King of Extempore Song’, Zhang Ti (张蒂), also known for his humourous mannerism and the ability to... 
All About Jeff Love &amp; The City Live In Genting concert announced! Known as the ‘Prince of Love Ballads’,... 
Look! Il Divo wishes Malaysians a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!

I posted 14 photos on Facebook in the album "Christmas Eve &amp; Christmas Day Buffet" 
Celebrate Christmas surrounded by a forest of lights as SnowWorld!

Date: 25 &amp; 26 December 2013
Time: 12.00pm... 
Wishing everyone a merry jolly Christmas!
This would be your last week to ‘Unlock a Room with 1GP’. Have you booked a deal yet? 
Ho! Ho! Ho! It’s still not too late to make dinner plans at The Olive on Christmas Eve/ Christmas Day. For... 
Enjoy Mega 3D projection show—‘A Candylicious Christmas’ at Genting Grand Car Park from 7.30pm daily. What’s your... 
Well known for his combination of R&amp;B with hard rock tunes, catch David Tao at one of his 'The Glamorous Life... 
I posted 20 photos on Facebook in the album "Super CNY Concert 2013 《SUPER 云顶新春演唱会》" 
I posted 10 photos on Facebook in the album "Super CNY Concert 2013 《SUPER 云顶新春演唱会》" 
Enjoy Saute Ostrich Meat with Black Pepper and Scallion at RM19 nett or redeem at 500 Rewards Points + RM12.... 
Organized by Target Exposition Sdn Bhd in association with Hasbro, Inc., Resorts World Genting is proud to... 
Join Sakura Teng (樱花), Yu Tian (余天), Lee Ya Ping (李亚萍) and guest artiste Hu Hui Ping (胡慧萍) for an amazing concert... 
I posted 10 photos on Facebook in the album "'A Magical Wizard of Oz' Christmas Party" 
The gentlemen of Il Divo-- David, Carlos, Seb and Urs—are set to take you into a beautiful musical realm on 14... 
 That's nice! Thanks for visiting SnowWorld :D Merry Christmas!
Ho! Ho! Ho! Come join us for a Christmas feast at The Olive, Imperial Rama, Coffee Terrace, Bubbles &amp; Bites, New... 
What are your plans this Christmas?  
It’s Huge! It’s Mega 3D projection showcase! Now showing at Genting Grand Carpark, from 7.30pm daily. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted 32 photos on Facebook in the album ""Ah Beng: Mission Impossible 2014" Meet &amp; Greet Roadshow《阿炳马到功成》" 
Still searching for the perfect Christmas gift for your loved ones?  Fret not as the Sasa Christmas Countdown... 
 Hi! The Outdoor Theme Park is closed from 1.9.2013 until early 2016 to make way for the Twentieth Century Fox Theme Park. Thx
I posted 22 photos on Facebook in the album "Tiger Huang &amp; Ricky Hsiao 黄小琥及萧煌奇《没那么简单》2013演唱会" 
Happy Sunday everyone! What are your plans for today? Why not meet and greet 'Ah Beng: Mission Impossible' cast... 
I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "Tiger Huang &amp; Ricky Hsiao 黄小琥及萧煌奇《没那么简单》2013演唱会" 
I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "Tiger Huang &amp; Ricky Hsiao 黄小琥及萧煌奇《没那么简单》2013演唱会" 
Set to enthrall fans with more surprises, Tiger Huang and Ricky Hsiao will be collaborating for a dance routine... 
Spend RM50 and above in a single receipt at any of the participating outlets to purchase 'Fantastica!2' tickets... 
We have 05 pairs of PS1 Super CNY concert tickets to giveaway! Share this poster and tag five of your friends to... 
With our Genting Skyway and Bowling Special Combo, you can now enjoy 2 bowling games and a Genting Skyway normal... 
Make a date with Liu Ling Ling (刘玲玲), Wang Lei (王雷), and Hao Hao (皓皓) when they perform at Arena of Stars on 25... 
The amazing and mesmerizing Fantastica! 2 featuring internationally-acclaimed acts from all over the world is now... 
If you’re planning a Christmas dinner with friends, family, or colleagues, you can trust to make it a star... 
Welcome the Lunar New Year early with our Super CNY Concert on 21 December 2013, brought to you by our talented... 
There's more surprise in Vision City during our EZiCash Year End School Holiday Deal. 
I posted 8 photos on Facebook in the album "Candylicious Christmas" 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted 11 photos on Facebook in the album "Candylicious Christmas" 
One last call to all puppet lovers: Catch the final two Stars on Strings shows at Genting International Showroom... 
 Hope you had fun at ! Have a safe trip home.
Looking for something fabulously unusual this Christmas? Head over to GRG SnowWorld Gift Shop, Level T2A, First... 
Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way! Let’s celebrate Christmas at SnowWorld and be surrounded by a... 
I posted 32 photos on Facebook in the album "Jenny Tseng-My Exception Live in Genting 《甄妮非演唱会》" 
Watch the sought-after marionette acts in Stars on Strings.   
FREE TICKETS! Head over to Theme Park Card Service Centre (located next to SnowWorld) from 12pm – 2pm today and... 
Candylicious Christmas: A cheerful family posing for photographs during the festive season. 

Join our... 
Calling all early birds and midnight owls! Enjoy 40% discount on bowling games at Genting Bowl this school holidays. 
Spotted: Three Christmas elves were having their break at the Bakery, Resorts World Genting! Did you happen to... 
Here’s a photo of our favourite marionette. What’s yours? (If you haven’t watched Stars on Strings yet, do so... 
It's Genting Rewards Members’ Day! Present your Genting Rewards card when you spend at our participating... 
Kids love Stars on Strings, so do the adults. Such a lovely family taking pictures with the master marionette... 
Genting Rewards Members’ Day is back tomorrow! Visit Resorts World Genting and our merchants nationwide to enjoy... 
Are you all geared up for Jenny Tseng’s (甄妮) concert tonight  
Four Days left! How could you miss this awesome Stars on Strings?  
Ho! Ho! Ho! Duck Liver Pate with oxtail marmalade, pistachio puree, sautéed chanterelle, cinnamon orange sauce--... 
Macau-born singer, Jenny Tseng (甄妮) will be bringing you yet another spectacular and memorable concert on 6 and 7... 
Ho! Ho! Ho! Turkey Pailards served with spring pea, brocollini, lemon vanilla, pumpkin tendrils, cranberry and... 
Counting down the Five Days till Stars on Strings ends. One of the best puppet shows for you and your family!... 
YES! The Year-End Sale is back and our retail shops are open till 1am! 
Savour a sumptuous 2-course meal featuring Turkey Wellington and Red Velvet with Walnut Brittle at Bubbles &amp; Bites... 
Get this Mai-Zau-Gai Limited Edition Santa Plush Toy at GRG Too outlets now at 2,990RP or RM29.90! Don't Lose... 
My week on twitter: 3 New Followers, 173 Mentions, 45.3K Mention Reach, 15 Retweets. via 
‘Fantastic show for kids but adults love them too!’ wrote Kee Hua Chee on his blog  
Resorts World Genting’s “2014 Collaterals Giveaway” is happening soon (strictly for GRC members only).
Date（日期）... 
Fantastica!2 DEALS. Book a room via iHoliday and enjoy 60% off (for GRC members) OR 50% off (for non-members) on... 
I posted 24 photos on Facebook in the album "Coffee Terrace - A Sweet Celebration" 
Tiger Huang (黄小琥) &amp; Ricky Hsiao (萧煌奇) are back! Catch them perform at Arena of Stars on 14 Decemeber, 8.30pm.... 
Our NEW MACHINES are finally here! Wanna try them out? We are giving away RM50 worth of eZICash and all you need... 
I posted 34 photos on Facebook in the album "Chi Lam and Friends Live in Genting" 
I posted 11 photos on Facebook in the album "New Orleans Barbecue" 
Mobile Flash Freebies! Redeem a pair of FREE tickets to watch  the World's Best Marionette Show - Stars On... 
I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "Chi Lam and Friends Live in Genting" 
Famous actors-cum-singers, Cheung Chi-lam (张智霖), Sharon Chan (陈敏之), Law Chung Him (羅仲謙), and Nancy Wu (胡定欣) will... 
It's REWARDS time again! Show us that you have liked us on Facebook/ followed us on Instagram... 
Our Must Play! Machines sharing contest ends today. Anyone wanna win eZICash worth RM50? 
The much awaiting bar Cloud 9 reopens today. Explore for yourself and chillax tonight! #cloud9 #chillax... 
What are your plans for New Year’s Eve? Let's enjoy an unforgetable night with Yu Tian (余天), Sakura Teng (樱花),... 
Stars On Strings Tickets Giveaway Contest 
Two lovely mermaids performing contortion acts in their Water Bowl. #ResortsWorldGenting #fantastica2 #deoaqua... 
My week on twitter: 3 New Followers, 153 Mentions, 37.4K Mention Reach, 17 Retweets, 246 Retweet Reach. via 
Feast your eyes, and also your mouth! Can't wait to try Bubbles &amp; Bites delectable Lamlee Burger this afternoon. 
Follow us on Instagram and join our 'Instagram Fun-Filled School Holiday @ Resorts World Genting' Photo Contest... 
I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "16th Malaysia National Lion Dance Championship 2013" 
I posted 37 photos on Facebook in the album "16th Malaysia National Lion Dance Championship 2013" 
Share this photo and stand a chance to win eZICash worth RM50! How cool is that? 
I posted 7 photos on Facebook in the album "Stars On Strings" 
Light and crispy waffles topped with a selection of ice-creams, juicy raspberries, a hint of natural wildflower... 
Redeem two (02) Bowling Games with 500 Rewards Points (RM15) at Genting Rewards Saranghaeyo 사랑해요 Carnival! P.S:... 
We have 20 pairs of ‘Stars on Strings’ tickets to give away and here are THREE steps to win a pair:
[1] Like us... 
Congratulations, Wu ShinLing! You’ve won yourself a pair of PS3 tickets to ‘Chi Lam and Friends’ concert next... 
Take an instant photo at Genting Rewards Saranghaeyo사랑해요 Carnival photo booth. Redeem with 1,800 Rewards Points... 
We have a little reward for those who :
(1) liked/followed us on RWG Facebook / RWG Instagram 
(2) are at... 
The 16th Malaysia National Lion Dance Championship 2013 features the biggest and most established high-stilt lion... 
Try our Bud Spencer breakfast at Bubbles &amp; Bites. 8am - 11am (till 31 December 2013) #breakfast #budspencer #hearty http://t.co/kRWAv8Qnq9
The amaranthine Jenny Tseng (甄妮) is returning once again to Resorts World Genting for what will definitely be a... 
Street Hawker Food Fest. Happy feasting! #gentingrewardsmalaysia #grsaranghaeyocarnival #korean 
Today is the last day of the Street Hawker Food Fest. Purchase your coupons with 500 Rewards Points/ cash for... 
Hailed as the “Mandopop Queen of Pubs”, Tiger Huang and the visually-impaired singer-songwriter, Ricky Hsiao... 
Good news! SHARE this ‘Chi Lam and Friends Live in Genting’ poster and TAG a friend if you fancy winning a pair... 
Meet Jack Lim in Ah Beng: Mission Impossible roadshow at First World Plaza Time Square Stage on 15 December 2013... 
Meet PORORO and CANIMALS &amp; Friends at 'K-Snow Jae Mi It Da' in SnowWorld at 3.30pm today. For details, visit:... 
EAT.SHOP.PLAY FOR LE$$. Redeem 500Rewards Points for RM15 cash voucher. ... 
The Genting Rewards Saranghaeyo사랑해요 Carnival was launched earlier at Universal Walk, First World Plaza. Stay... 
Join us at the Grand Launching of Genting Rewards Saranghaeyo사랑해요 Carnival later at 2.30pm. Meet our special... 
Welcome the Year of the Horse with our ‘Super CNY Concert’ on Saturday, 21 December 2013. Treat yourself and your... 
Congratulations to Arthur Mee Leng, Jonaiemie Mohd Arip, Earn Zer, Wen Chang, and Frankie Pro! You have just won... 
My week on twitter: 4 New Followers, 110 Mentions, 26.3K Mention Reach, 6 Replies, 13 Retweets. via 
I posted 21 photos on Facebook in the album "West Coast VS East Coast Food Promotion" 
Have you played any of our TOP 3 MACHINES yet? Wait no more! Just share this photo and be among the lucky winners... 
Good morning! As John Gunther said, ‘All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast.’ And our ‘All Day Breakfast... 
Are you ready for the 16th Malaysia National Lion Dance Championship 2013? Come witness the biggest and most... 
RT : Top executives for the press conference of #1Tayo, the integrated relief drive for the victims of typhoon Yolanda. http://t.c…
Craving for these yummylicious dishes? Join us for some games and win attractive prizes at K-Snow Jae Mi It Da... 
Room as BIG as 1 is coming soon. Stay tuned! 
What's your plan for the coming holidays? Join us and have a FUN-FILLED Holiday at Resorts World Genting.
Come join in the fun and excitement with your family at ‘Stars of Strings’ starring John Chisholm from United... 
Have you tried blowing bubbles in the cold? Come and join us at K-Snow Jae Mi It Da to experience blowing bubbles... 
RT : Do not underestimate the difference you can make in the lives of others. Volunteers are coming in at RWM to help Yolanda surv…
Counting down the last day to unveiling 'Stars on Strings'. Watch Michael Jackson &amp; Elvis Presley come alive on... 
Our Instagram photo contest starts today. Wanna win awesome prizes? 
GENTING REWARDS SARANGHAEYO 사랑해요 CARNIVAL Contest Winners 
 Got it, Ahmad : ) Thank you.
 Hmm.. we received a number of details. Could you please let us know your blog URL? Let us check if we've received it. Thx
Can't stand the hot weather? Come chill with us at SnowWorld's K-SNOW JAE MI IT DA from 20-24 November 2013.... 
Hi, ! Have you sent your details to us at publicrelations@rwgenting.com? Thank you.
 Yes. For upcoming events : )
Our ROOM Deals have just gotten BIGGER! With any purchase of Resorts World Genting packages, you can book your... 
Wanna be invited to our events? Email us ur Full Name|NRIC|Blog URL|Emai|MobileNo. to publicrelations@rwgenting.com with e subject: BLOGGER.
Calling all Resorts World Genting fans-cum-bloggers! We would like to invite you to a special event (details will... 
I posted 15 photos on Facebook in the album "Fantastica!2" 
What's behind the door? Unlock it on 20 November 2013! 
Just three days to go until the all-new 'Stars on Strings' begins! Tickets are priced at RM10 onwards. T&amp;C apply.... 
We've just posted a photo of a hearty breakfast at Hainan Express, Theme Park Hotel on Instagram... 
For a fast, convenient and economical journey to Resorts World Genting, travellers can use the Genting Express... 
Wait no more and book your iHoliday Happy Deals for this coming school holiday starting from RM58 per room per... 
I posted 15 photos on Facebook in the album "Sue Rey Live in Genting 《苏芮再次牵手云顶演唱会》" 
My week on twitter: 4 New Followers, 154 Mentions, 55.9K Mention Reach, 1 Replies, 11 Retweets. via 
We're saddened by the news of the bus travelling from Ipoh - Genting that met with an accident at Batang Kali road ytd. Drive safe everyone!
I posted 15 photos on Facebook in the album "Sue Rey Live in Genting 《苏芮再次牵手云顶演唱会》" 
Sue Rey last performed in Resorts World Genting in June 2013. If you missed it, she will be  performing again... 
One of our international buskers, Kenny the amazing Spheres Manipulator from the USA has been performing at First... 
I posted 14 photos on Facebook in the album "Sally is Intimately Yours'Encore'Concert 《叶倩文“完全是你”Encore演唱会2013》" 
I posted 13 photos on Facebook in the album "Sally is Intimately Yours'Encore'Concert 《叶倩文“完全是你”Encore演唱会2013》" 
