I added a video to a  playlist  是放鞭炮还是放炸药？
Facebook:  via 
I added a video to a  playlist  Facebook
I'm at Taman Impian Indah (Balakong, Selangor) 
I'm at Old Western Cowboy Steak House (西域牛仔扒座) (Kuala Lumpur, WP Kuala Lumpur) 
I added a video to a  playlist 
新加坡某购物广场有位顽固不明事理aunty把车停在出口处将近一个小时:  via 
I added a video to a  playlist  阿Jib Gor又唱又跳舞的lenggang-lenggang kangkung版本。
阿Jib Gor又唱又跳舞的lenggang-lenggang kangkung版本。:  via 
3大主力股 
I added a video to a  playlist  有手有脚不去工作，去做强盗！
印刷公司尾牙送12辆AUDI跑车！:  via 
I added a video to a  playlist  印刷公司尾牙送12辆AUDI跑车！
有手有脚不去工作，去做强盗！:  via 
PAPAGO! SG&amp;MY M11 最好离线导航 
新年要到了，想买太阳眼镜吗？ 
TNLOGIS 8397 
On E23 Lebuhraya Sprint, Petaling Jaya. My mood: happy,  using  - Social GPS.
Just reported a police trap on E23 Lebuhraya Sprint, Petaling Jaya. My mood: happy,  using  - Social GPS.
Just reported a hazard on E11 LDP, Petaling Jaya. My mood: happy, using  - Social GPS.
Just reported a jam on E23 Lebuhraya Sprint, Petaling Jaya. My mood: happy, using  - Social GPS.
I created group Share Investment Discussion (Malaysia) on Linkedin.: 
On Jalan PJU 5/8, Petaling Jaya. My mood: happy, using  - Social GPS.
On Persiaran Surian, Petaling Jaya. My mood: happy, using  - Social GPS.
Just reported a jam on Jalan Camar, Petaling Jaya. My mood: happy, using  - Social GPS.
Just reported a jam on E11 LDP, Petaling Jaya. My mood: happy,  using  - Social GPS.
Just reported a jam on to E11 LDP / SS4, Petaling Jaya. My mood: happy,  using  - Social GPS.
Just reported a jam on Exit 1107 SS2, Petaling Jaya. My mood: happy,  using  - Social GPS.
Just reported a jam on Bulatan Kelab Lumba Kuda, Kuala Lumpur. My mood: happy, using  - Social GPS.
很好吃的瓦煲老鼠粉 
(原创) 个人修养的逆向思维 
绝处逢生靠 PRLEXUS+DAYA 
卖了INARI-WA,做些小生意 
你觉得像谁？ 
学会du嘴 
欢迎我的小王子 
是时候进攻了 
利用INARI-WA杠杆 
什么是warrant(凭单) 
看中Canon EOS 600D 
6009 P&amp;O入手好时机 
我的战衣，ubah! 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
龙山寺 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
台湾阳明山 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
猜猜那个是谁？ 
猜猜那个是谁？ 
To all my friend, my new handphone number 012-7957148
to all my friend, This is my new handphone number 012-7957148
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Guess how many person? Seri kembangan 
Ini kalilah 
陪爸爸去割眼膜 
西门町last call 
改變千年歷史我需要你的力量！ 
 take care.we need you
恭喜发财，大吉大利 
过年盘菜试吃 
餐蛋面 
My dinner 
Window phone testing
Checked in at 绵绵雪花冰 snow ice house 
KLSE composite index goes below 1600
 i really support to shut down lynas but i have a question is our country can afford the compensation in contract to lynas?
 i really support to shut down lynas but i have question is our country can afford the compensation in contract to lynas?
interested on NCB HOLDINGS BERHAD(5509）which with high dividend paid out
target: 3 years RM100,000
my favourite team MAN UTD lose 1-0 against NORWICH
Obama won the president election 
OBAMA 172 vs 163 ROMNRY  
~ 如果"日日清"成为你的习惯，到老时一无所有，晚景肯定凄凉。那可是令人不寒而栗的晚年。
立刻領取高達 $100 萬枚籌碼！ 
做人要低调，难道我学过如来神掌也说给你听？
立刻領取高達 $100 萬枚籌碼！ 
立刻領取高達 $100 萬枚籌碼！ 
立刻領取高達 $100 萬枚籌碼！ 
big wind in cambodia
add me on wechat 
人要活的比以前好，不是活得比别人好
4 days to go
This is my WeChat QR code. Scan it and chat with me! Just download WeChat at  
This is my WeChat QR code. Scan it and chat with me! Just download WeChat at  
Merdeka! 
Good morning !
happy national day to MALAYSIA
 we are proud of you! u are the gold in my heart
Clutter is the official language used by corporations to hide their mistakes. - William Zinsser

民主的国家，政府听人民，独裁的国家，人民跪求政府
follow me on twitter
testing
add me in path (at toul kok) — 
吃粽子 
Just posted a photo 
i am sick
1st instagram picture 
test
hi
