 自己熬草莓酱实在是伤不起，你可以熬marmalade, 橘子又便宜量又多
 strawberry compote. 这个季节鲜草莓都是西班牙货，又贵又不好吃。
 你理解错了，英文mincemeat是果肉馅儿（一看你圣诞就没吃很多mince pie 233
 我连brandy mincemeat馅儿的都敢包你说呢（你应该吃一下波兰甜点，李子馅儿汤圆
 加油……我会发我的成品给你看的（
 treasury tags
 又不是我用，了解一下而已
  我就是知道大葡萄卸妆蛮好用的
  有折扣都没买的路过（这才是穷人
  有钱人买得起Aesop（
 依旧2000左右徘徊（
 大美人千千
 丢阿丢啊哈哈
 嗯，一点油，糖不粘锅就行，糖开始冒大泡关火下肉
 冰糖要碾碎，油别太多了，毕竟是炒糖……
 你的头像太搞笑哈哈
 我都是用白砂糖小火炒啊，冰糖小火好化么
 啧啧真养生
 argos便宜要死自己买（
 快给我寄点
 就放在那放着天天看看您发点照片什么的wwwww
 大大有腰！
 噗那就订Vijante吧，他家在的hotel里还有一个超有意思的bar
, cordon blazer要点一杯w
 能预定到的话就去Dinner by Heston Blumenthal, 或者Viajante是个极佳的选择，唯一缺点就是6道菜吃起来要很久。同在一间hotel下的Corner room是first date最佳选择，灯光很有气氛
  Why you should be against the use of NHST 
RT : We are very sad to hear that Claudio Abbado has passed away. Farewell, Maestro. 
RT : Just heard that great conductor Claudio Abbado passed away today. What terribly sad news. #ClassicalMusic
Andrew Gelman will be giving a talk in Maths Department Colloquia at Imperial College London in February! So excited !!
RT : The world's biggest music store - HMV at 150 Oxford Street - to close its doors for the final time  by…
RT : Still not seen 's #ChinesePainting exhibition? Last chance! We have 5 pairs of tickets to give away, follow and…
RT : 8 course Japanese Gourmet Tasting Dinner tomoro - Last minutes cancellation offer of £20 OFF. Contact reiko.…
 Where are you working now Marcus??!
 They have really nice glass dip pens that would make a great substitute to the J herbin ones that you used to stock
 thanks :) I'll stick with A5 book for now. Will you be adding some Rohrer and Klingner ink/pens some time this spring?
 So glad that I found seyes exercise book from your website :) Just wondering whether you have any of them in A4 size? Thanks!
RT : 2013. A year of failed handshakes for Francois Hollande. 
Hey Jerry~ 
 awwwwww is that you???? XDD
 aw??? Rich boyfriend then :p
 I think there's a book by Duda, Pattern Recognition.
Easy shopping day ;) 
 quicker dev time for colour film;) it's always a little embarrassing to tell your friends that the photo needs 30min to dev
 I don't know how much you paid for that cuppa though :P I have plenty of these at home.
 aha! Chinese floral tea :P extremely high mark-up, cost around 50p each
 fingers crossed! thanks :)
 Hi, if I order now with standard shipping, when will I receive them? next year?
I'm at Burger &amp; Lobster - @londonlobster (Knightsbridge, Greater London) 
Red Christmas tree @ Victoria and Albert Museum (V&amp;A) 
RT : BREAKING: German Parliament elects Angela Merkel to her 3rd term as chancellor
RT : Dear Xi Jinping (seriously, read it) (NYT): 
 thank you, I'm very much looking forward to them :)
 Dan, could you get me some spare vials and some pipettes when you're back?? Thanks :DD
 that's fine:) I lost the privilege of central library room booking ever since I rejoined IC as a member of staff :(
 But they're free to access for main campus staff?
 Can I use my alumnus library card to visit campus library as well (e.g. Hammersmith Library)? Thank you :)
 you should get a treadmill and run while your code is running.
 Will the gold and silver frame B&amp;W 600 come in time for the christmas sale? ;)
Mwuahahahahaha #impossibleproject #polaroid 
 give u crack?!
 啥？
RT : Imperial announced a new Data Science Institute today  #BigData
Yayyyyy I won a hanky bag :DD Thank you  :)
RT : In case you've wondered why people tell you to never, ever use the menubar or dialog boxes in Emacs. 
Oh no.... I lost my 10-day streak on #Duolingo :(
 add two shots of vodka, and another shot of vodka, and another shot of vodka... :P
Making limoncello.... 
RT : Classical music for beginners guide, incl Spotify lists  #ClassicalMusic
Bought myself a special gold proof coin from Royal Mint for next year! :D 
 congratulations on your early morning wake-up
 王姨，只有dumbbells 也可以做练习吗？有没有可行的routine给我看一看
@IC_Paul who who who???
 me gusta.
Piping hot apple turnover! 
RT : Three, two, one – we think it's time for some tasty gingerbread fun... #HarrodsFood #GrandmaWilds 
RT : RT : Another pic of the new  Britain from . Details of the project:  http://t.co…
Various shapes of pasties and pie 
@IC_Paul wayyyyyy and matlab use the weird one (k, theta)
 that means 10pm east coast time, or 9pm central time. The UK is too small to have four different time zones but the US does :P
 hahahahahaha i know :P Yup that's right!
 i'm sure your mum isn't worried about 'I (literally) live in university' at all Maria
 I'm proud of YOU! :P Who are you chatting to???
 thank you! I guess i’d have to test them when I turn the lights on :)
Testing new  Color 600 film w/ SLR 680, great improvement in colour rendition, no more yellow hues! :D 
Polaroid fever. #polaroid 
Spectrum of espresso #nespresso 
RT : Instant gratification versus creative discovery. When photography was music  via 
@IC_Paul lol not Dan Moore’s class again :PP
RT : I arrived on a typical sunny British day! 
Ballet night! @ Royal Opera House 
I'm at Royal Opera House (London, Greater London) w/ 2 others 
 A labelmaker deal for you :P 
 lol, you could've asked me, just sold my two trusty calculators on eBay
 calculatorS??? how many do you need /_\
The most devilish-looking cat I've seen for a while.. 
RT : It's Camille Saint-Saëns's birthday! Here are our critics' favourite Saint-Saëns recordings... 
Butternut squash mochi cake with red bean paste :) 
 haha great, could you DM me if that's okay?
 yup I'm up for that, but the website says the tickets for the day are sold out? Hmm
RT : My 10 best openings of last year (and why London needs them) 
RT : If you run Ubuntu and care about privacy, this new tool is absolutely essential:  by 
 is the code still up for grabs Richard?
RT : News: Portobello road opens this Saturday 5th 

Better news, we have 400 free burgers to give away. First come firs…
 just asked TM, her friend couldn't make it, would you have it?
 ish, are you going to that Stravinsky concert on Thursday at Barbican? Can I offer you my ticket if you are?
RT : Hello. It’s me, Peter. Peter Rabbit. Famous adventurer and raconteur. #rabbitsarebetterthanpenguins
Smoked trout @ Corner Room 
Just posted a photo @ Corner Room 
I'm at Corner Room (Bethnal Green, Greater London) 
Just took advantage of half price subscription of  for another year through @MyUNIDAYS yay! :D
Voila! 
Tart au pomme, ready to bake 
RT : The next #DarjeelingExpress supperclub is on the 4th of October- 14 dishes from 2 Indian cities- Hyderabad &amp; Cakcutta ht…
 haha, i need to ask to you about serious parallel computing too XD
 i read your blog(s)!
  apparently you haven't read my bio recently
 lololol that red bible book that I saw you used to carry with you all the time!
 I definitely need a crash course in biology -_-; I was hoping you can help with it
 really? I'm actually analysing rat expression data that contain group of proteins related to protein misfolding
 couldn't remember what you're working on at the moment? Something to do with genetics ??
ah....morning:) 
 hmm then it'd end up in a mess, because mathematicians would sit the corner and sneer at others ;)
RT : The shocking truth behind Tetris. 
 you haven’t been on spotify recently :(
RT : Paul Moseley accepts #GramoAwards Label of the Year  
Little kitty behind the door 
RT : I told a rebel sniper in #Syria: Drop ur rifle for a day &amp; document life through lens of a camera. Here his pics: 
 http:/…
The 'cheesecake' @ The Mall Tavern 
RT : Chocolate Digestives are the best biscuits in Britain. OFFICIAL.  #bitterwallet
RT : #GBP #Cable pops on better UK unemployment data, can we start to say that UK = OK? RO 
 ciao bella~
 really ? XDDDDD
Just booked tickets to see Don Quixote, Wozzeck and 
The Rite of Spring at  with student offer, thank youu :)
RT : London's Southbank Centre has unveiled its fully restored Royal Festival Hall organ  http://t.co/k…
 lolololol I thought that was just drunken Maria :P
 aww what happened???
RT : Month-by-month GOLD Heatmap of past 10 yrs shows which is the best month    #forex #gold
RT : "If carpenters made buildings the way programmers make programs, the first woodpecker to come along would destroy all of ci…
 but it fits so well! Haha
RT : Obviously Instagram only exists to get data to train a "Which filter should I use for this food?" classifier. Bet Luis von …
@mijonju Mijonju do you what's the difference between Polaroid Elite and Elite pro? Cheers :)
 Try this delicious coffee jelly  (I made it earlier and put on instagram you clearly ignored me :( )
 Well Sanjiv is there, so is my friend Yvonne. ( I guess that’s all haha
 everyone I know go to EY…lol apart from Rishi obv :P
 wow
 hi, where are you?
Happy birthday #ClaudeDebussy !
Feel like ADSL is so yesteryear when I get bombarded by fibre optics broadband advertisement. Damn you 12-month contract.
The purpose of models is not to fit the data but to sharpen the questions.  - Samuel Karlin
RT : Feeling bad for using a discount card, when the meal was already very reasonable
 hahahahaha wtf…hope you weerent in the poor 80-89 band
 I'd like it medium please? XD
More tea? 
 i just bought a smoking pipe lololol
Coffee Jelly ;) 
RT : Developing Film with the Wrong Chemicals Kills Instagram Any Day  #photography #arts
RT @DavidJones_IG: We are so down with the kids we have done a vine RT: : How the Dow (Wall Street) moved #NFP #Vine https:…
Programmers are wicked.... :Soylent Closes In On Finalizing Its Formula, Reaches $1M In Pre-Orders  via @techcrunch
You know something is popular when it is on the label of a banana. #despicableme 
RT : aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #TheSound…
RT : For all you non-birthday folk, fret not! 10 great posters are up for grabs. Just RT and click  ht…
RT : Eye of Sauron appears in London as full moon rises over The Shard.... 
 hahaha clearly you’ve never used a public toilet in mainland China (or any remote place for that matter) xD
RT : This .gif explains "meteoroid" vs. "meteor" vs. "meteorite" --&gt; 
RT : How to correctly poop: 
RT : Jeremy Kyle on the phone. Wondered if we "wanted a paternity test - could do a live TV reveal". No thank you, sod off. #Royal…
 I guess lighting is important eh? hehehe
RT : We should all go and sign up for this  looks like there will be some interesting information #bu…
 Like this haha 
 do you know what's a 3-D loser? :P
 you killed yourself?? Hmm
…on the other hand, went to  for post-opera dinner lol. My girl said that the patty actually tastes like beef, so that’s good:)
Genuinely moved by Nicolas Joël’s production of La rondine at  tonight. The set design is oh so dreamy and beautiful…
Just posted a photo @ Royal Opera House 
La rondine @ Royal Opera House 
Watermelon Look-Alike Raisin Bread- with yoyomax12:  via @youtube
 Hey have some fun! 
 As long as the porn is good quality I wouldn’t mind the subjects hahaha
 saw a woman browsing through OKCupid and clicked yes on a guy who’s profile pic has 4 guys in it. What’s she thinking? Foursome??
  and runny white :P
 hengheng, what a waste of money, no bird bird you =m=
 morning = =
 'If I told you things I did before, told you how I used to be. Would you go along with someone like me?‘
Shooting with Impossible's colour protection PX-70 in the Summer definitely need proper shielding and… 
 huh? I didn't
 have you seen those 'Ryan Gosling Won’t Eat His Cereal' video series :P It's Hilarious!!
 i thought you meant DIC (Deviance Information Criterion) ;)
 good for you!
 Dementor's Kiss eh? ehehehehe
 I would call him 'one-too-stubbly-face-that-I-would-not-kiss'
RT : UK Post Office accounting system had small bugs…they caused some people to lose their home or go to prison. http://t.co/BsD0MKXd…
 You left my heart in Seattle :/
 I want the Jolly Rancher pillow XD
 Ah gutted, could've caught up with you (might've might've…haha)
 well neither have you updated your blog :/ I've just been to Southend-on-sea today! So hot….
 trollop. HI! Haven't seen you lately
 huh....? What happened
New lens arrived :) 
 I like how you just added that as your lifetime event :P
RT : USD trashing GBP on July 4th
RT : BoE keep rates and asset purchases unchanged
