失望。每天睡觉时间还是那么迟。我应该说你吗？我不可以管那么多，反正我没资格就是了。那是你的生活，可是你曾经说过的那番话，没意思了吗？你不要忘了这个学期你说过你想得到的东西。
我是我，他是他，什么事情都把我们俩都扯在一起会让我觉得我好像在失去自我。
SO... I bought a present...
RT : Preparing myself for the inevitable..
  no food in my room *sad face*
  I miss you guise!
 tsk tsk tsk. Trust me. I'm happy just writing for others. XD
Anyone here needs me to write endorsement letter? :D #allin #writingisgreat
  ...Vid? ;P
Writing with a strong purpose really soothes the mind.
I'm so angry. I don't know why. I'm just going to write something down.
Tomorrow I'm gonna watch The Journey with ! Bimbo and lesbian time! :D #dragon
 HELLO! &lt;3
 Da...?
“请记住，无论什么时候，你都需要给自己一个明确的底线，因为很多时候有些人他会一点一点磨消你的底线，当你没有底线的时候，你就完全被别人控制。”
 haiyo I need to go back to college asap
So I won't have car this week. Big deal. I survived more shit than this.
I crave for companionship. ):
 I sleep well *burps*
 I was thinking of English and American dramas :3
Emo like shit.
I actually want meat. I never had meat since ages. I feel like a vegetarian all of the sudden.
And now I'm hungry.
Skipped my lunch for god knows why. -_-
I would love to get a pair of trousers that are of different colours other than dark blue or black.
 hahaha! not just Korean dramas!
RT : Your words are not innocent. Be aware of their power.
Two nights in a row I have been doing the same thing. :D
SO lazy
How to see if I'm not happy about something or someone? When I deliberately come up with snarky comments.
累了。睡觉了。晚安。:)
为什么他会这样？
  *hugs*
  I also feel a little lonely. ):
  JJ, you know me well. I'm really too bored. *cries*
  I got spam meh. ):
  *facepalm* forget I asked
我有一种莫名其妙的感觉，好像在这过程中失去了一些自我，失去了一些方向感。是我太倔强了？要求过高了？是时候退后两三步，看清自己，了解情况，找回自尊，找回空间。想通了再联络吧。
  *slaps you guys* what's uppppp
 you go girl!
I really feel like the lack of response is very discouraging.
That picture is bugging me.
*pitter patter* The sound of heavy rain has never been so comforting to the soul. &lt;3
Could use a drink right now.
OHHHHHH Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D is greattttt
Oh rujun. Get it in together. Just get used to this.
The weather is so hot... I bathed macam x bathed pun...
Everything is awesome! :D
I hope I am able to get tutorial questions by next week.
I'm actually excited to start on tutorial questions. I want to finish up ASAP.
Anyhow, I made up my mind already. If I don't continue further, I know what to do. :)
RT : I think the problem is I'm giving myself too much pressure. Alright time to let go of certain expectations... woooot! =D
Less than one month. How to prepare!
Time to sleep. Tomorrow I'm gonna study and revise and work.
But then again, watching the movie w/ other ppl won't be as fun because they won't get the geek references as much. #myboyfriendisageek
Went to watch the Lego Movie with Hoong. We probably laughed the loudest in the cinema. Yup, that was quite geeky of us.
 shi wo ma? :p *thick face*
Finished another endorsement letter. Another one to go. Tomorrow! :)
Writing forces me to dig deep into my brain and recall all the vocabs I have learnt...
 *wink* I have your back! :D
 *coughs* me too
Didn't have anything this morning. I don't know why I constantly subconsciously starve myself out like this. :(
I want fuddddd
I'm hungrehhhhhh
You think I so free to entertain everyone is it? I no life one now is it?
I hate it when I'm asked to be OCP for this &amp; that. Who birthday ah, what outing ah... If I wanted to do it, I'd done it long time ago.
I really beh song already.
 zomok?!
Received a good news before I sleep tonight! #hw
I wonder which sort of approach should I go with.
 Scratch her car! XD
Kian Tian is SO funny!
需要好好跟他谈一谈。
我不敢emo。
I don't have the power.
The sad thing about my exp as VP MarComm, I only truly understand my role as MarComm only half a term in.
Theories are so boring. #coresubject
Okay, now got proposal left to be done. Meetings, numbers, initiatives, action plans... And revisions.
My zipper for stuck twice this week. -_-
RT : I finally understood the importance of having a data plan
All endorsements done. :D Wish I have more though! :P
 mine: zipper got stuck.

  
The amazing feeling.
 lol nothing important. I memang Pisces. Very match with libra one. XD
He still doesn't know about today. /:
#throwback bday surprise that COMM did for me last year. :3 Thanks to boss  &amp; team mates  etc! 
祝一切、大家 顺顺利利、平平安安、身体健康、开开心心、万事如意！ 
如果唔記得今日嘅話，我就會好失望、好失望。
One of the few cool picha we took in Penang! 台湾偶像剧！ 
 it will change one. Mine did.
I angry now.
 My coughs is laced with a hint of sarcasm. the good kind of sarcasm. Lol! Wednesday! Jom!
不知为什么 今天就是很累
I seriously think there are some people in this world... They don't think before they speak. Asdfghjkl.
 (Y) NCR FTW :3
Finally finished uploading all the Penang pichas I have. :3 *phew*
 Coughs. eh when free? Wednesday night okay to meet up?
Weirdly hungry
 Coughs, ask Toon!
I'm bored
Cut hair again! So, should I go for shorter? Let it grow somemore? Hmm?
RT : One day, you’ll just be a memory to some people. Do your best to be a good one.
 happy v-day to you too chingu! Hope to hear good news from you soon :p
From the boy. Bwahahaha! 
Such a boring day.
I feel a bit pressure because a lot of people asking me the same question today. ):
the weather is killing me.
RT : Love is a weird thing. I hate it.
RT : Over thinking is mental self destruction.
After confiding in him about the loss of a friend, I understand now why I choose to date him. #perspective
It's seriously the season of love nowadays!
 ooooi don't luan luan lai!
time to cut down on the food. feeling super unhealthy already
Learning to cherish the present
RT : 
 hey eugin, you took orchestra I for ELF last sem right? Tell me abt it again!
want to find good recipe also susah.
 你会做fondant吗？
I'm so paranoid that I am thinking of applying for extra credit hours -_-
 you know, fondant. 
I cringed everytime I mispronounced a word. RT : I cringed everytime I hear a mispronounced word
Okay, I am real fed up w/ all the negativity I got from Facebook already.
shit just got real.
the most fucked up feeling ever. omg #work
 :)
RT : fuckin hate it when period affects your mood and makes you emo like a psychotic beech
omgggg you look good.
 do you know how to make fondant ah? Got recipe?
RT : When someone is suddenly out of your life, and suddenly all of that someone becomes past tense.
还有两天就可以去槟城玩！耶！( •̀ ω •́ )y
Not afraid of trying harder. Not afraid if we don't have the time. Not afraid at all.
Life is fragile. #dontthinkicantakethisanymore
RT : Finding for love is never easy. Once found, clutch it tightly
Please don't call me Jun. I don't like it.
拍拖很辛苦！#又吵架 #单身有时更好 #喜欢又怎么样 #叹气
4pm. I wait until 4pm.
I waited for nearly an hour already. Amazing!
忽然间完全没心情
I get a lot of pressure from this!
Things can get a little complicated after you started dating. Esp when you both are still very new in the rship. #why
RT : "hey i was wondering if you'd be my valentine"

"no"

"wtF omG soRRY that was my CAT running across the keyboarD OMG!!…
I don't feel like going out tomorrow. ):
RT : I find myself really started to be real happy these days. thank you for all the positive spirit around me :)
Have to start work, this is where I get scared like shit
Laugh at me... As usual
So my dream guy should be wearing a dapper classic suit, slick hair, electrifying eyes, can sing and play the guitar. Hmm so sexy.
Don't ever drink caffeine at night.
哇 我等好消息！
For the first time in forever~~~! *singing out of tune*
 your family very cute
 hahaha chill. Only 22, still young! :D
 post mortem about what? Whose car is bigger?
RT : If you like someone, tell them. Or just stalk them on every social network and cry yourself to sleep every night.
 #competition
 nope
How the fuck did she discover my blog?!
Officially going to the Philippines! :D #APC2014
 Yes, sangat happy. Nak keluar berdating ni. hahahahaha
 Here is a terrific platform to stalk me. Don't tell your boss ah. :P
明天有人从槟城回来啦 呵呵
The inevitable.
No wonder they say don't pak thor during your AIESEC term lah. 6 months early jor! Asdfghjkl
 Love his hair *flips*
I hungry I want to eat ramennnnn
 Your batch punya orang banyak follow you. Your name was suggested on Who to Follow :D
 What?
 Allen always say we need to practice leadership in our daily lives. :D
 But in this case, I think you should just go aheaddddddd :D
 I is scared.
 whaiiiiiii nottttttt. I always do that last time, esp to him.... But I get your worries lah :P
So uhhhh, apparently my dad knows already!!! Walao!
 lol, go talk to... :D
  to boost exchange! Weeeeeeee! :)
I is poor
新年过了！要开始收拾心情了！
nothing scares me as much as starting work. like, actually sitting down and starting work. *cries*
 (Y)
But comparing makes me feel so glad and happy for all the things I have right now.
Of course I can't help but to compare.
this feeling sucks
I want moarrrrrrr
 eh ni zomok?!
 awwwwww. Just asking. I'm in KL. miss you already!
 where you starting classes again?
Bought our bus tickets to Penang! Woohoo! :D      #penangherewecome 
 accident! Lol. I was going to say "deep ah!"
Another boring day
  hahahaha. Synergy between departments is important. :D
 coincidences! :P Means, good synergy in the future? hahaha
 hehehehehehehe. don't need awkward lah! 顺其自然 then can already! :3
 ehehehehehehe. ;) btw I just realised which department she is in now. :P
 you only want her? :p
 c'mon! Things will be fun! Enjoy yourself! Let it go let it go!:D
Today will be a better day! Weee!
Cried myself to sleep last night but now awake pulak
shit shit shit
 they keep asking about my boyf!!!
 and why would that be?
