MWC 头炮：Windows Phone 终于松动限制了 
Moon Worm Spreading on Linksys Home and SMB Routers | Threatpost | The first stop for security news 
RT : Moon Worm Spreading on Linksys Home and SMB Routers:  
WeicoPro 3 微博客户端 by eico design 
"与 Yelp 合作，梅姐在打造一个更强大的雅虎搜索" good read 
Scanner Pro by Readdle by Readdle free 
SoundHound ∞ by SoundHound, Inc. Free 
"网友观点 - 看中国资本如何挖角苹果市场 - 爱新闻, 行业新闻 - iOS 7 越狱, 太极越狱商店, 太极后台, 越狱 - 爱应用" good read 
对比图 - 新 Mac Pro 到底有多小！ - 行业新闻, 苹果新闻 - 苹果“烟灰缸”, 2013款 Mac Pro, Mac Pro 实际大小对比, MacPro - 爱应用 
RT : Some men just want to watch the world burn… (via @Imgur) 
Instapaper is now free. 
12 Days of Gifts by iTunes 
Amazon Unveils Flying Delivery Drones on '60 Minutes' 
RC car with camera meets a group of lions! 
iDiots 
这忍者虽呆萌，却开了两个先河 
Volvo Trucks - The Epic Split feat. Van Damme (Live Test 6):  via @youtube

「一雪前耻」苹果地图终受肯定 谷歌地图使用减少  via 
6 Essential Mac Tips 
Was iOS 7 created in Microsoft Word? 
Kaspersky flags TCPIP.SYS as Malware, (Fri, Oct 25th)  via 
“Your Apple ID Frozen” Phishing Emails Come as Users Upgrade to Mavericks  via 
Investigate Jimmy Kimmel Kid&amp;#039;s Table Government Shutdown Show on ABC Network 
"爱应用 - 升级热 - iOS 7 正式版开放升级当天，全网流量峰值达平常 112% - 新闻资讯 - iOS 7, 升级热, 苹果系统, iOS, 7" good read 
The streams crossed: Mixpanel shows iOS 7 adoption rate now surpasses iOS 6  来自 
RT : 比把自己人生的大半用在狗咬狗上更加不经济的是把自己人生的大半用来观看狗咬狗。#记一件有意义的事#
RT : Before &amp; After iOS 7: How Your Favorite Apps Are Changing  by @joshconstine
RT : 【加拿大醫療保險解答】加拿大各省和地區的醫療保險都有各自的局限性。所以，了解您所持有的健康卡，明確當您最需要它的時候，它可以幫您承擔多少費用，這對於大家來講都是個比較關心的話題。詳訊：... h…
腾讯宣布 4.48 亿美元入股搜狗  via 
低成本防黑好物：USB 接口的安全套 » good read  via 
Canon Experimental Low Light Sensor 
The coolest idea for a smartphone. 
"航空 WiFi 技术起飞，峰值速率可达 60Mbps" good read 
Domics Emails 
RoboCop TRAILER 1 (2014) - Samuel L. Jackon, Abbie Cornish Movie HD 
Check out Clear on  
Instagram Accounts Get Hacked, Photos of Smoothies Posted to Them 
10 Life Hacks for Summer 
How the Tesla Model S is Made -- Behind The Scenes -- The Window - Wired 
Brave Prairie Dog Confronts Snake | North America 
Really nice Honda commercial : "Hands" 
这些书给科技大佬们带来了灵感 
Apple - Making a difference. One app at a time. 
Project Loon: The Technology 
Scientists are now beating cancer with the HIV virus 
John McAfee Teaches How To Uninstall McAfee Antivirus 
Weather camera spider scares Kristi 
Jobs Official Trailer #1 (2013) - Ashton Kutcher Movie HD 
Wishlist: 10 things Apple should, but likely won’t, announce at WWDC 2013 
Official Trailer for Plants vs. Zombies™ 2: It's About Time! 
你使用频率最高的Linux命令是什么?  Good read
14 Stunning Photographs That Bridge Past and Present  via 
Evernote Reminders 
%&gt;_&lt;% #thankyousiralex
"The Walking (And Talking) Dead" — A Bad Lip Reading of The Walking Dead 
.... 
LOL 
按场景听歌的流媒体音乐服务Songza下载量突破600万，发布新版 
RIP，Hotmail 
LOL 
「业界观察」Intel CPU的安卓平板会比 Win 8 平板便宜吗？ 
.... 
Durex Fundawear -- Touch over the Internet [OFFICIAL] 
我在《水果忍者》高清版的iPad上的经典模式中切断195个水果！  
US Navy posts "Laser Gun" video to youtube. Your move North Korea 
社交网络玩得越多，工作效率越高？ 
Facebook Home 是一场致命魔术  Good read
Welcome to Flipboard 2.0 
What can your business do...in just 140 characters? 
Introducing Google Nose 
加拿大也有创业者签证了  Good read
"iOS 7 running behind, Apple pulling Mac OS 10.9 developers to get it delivered?"  • good read 
The First Honest Cable Company 
Explore Treasure Mode with Google Maps 
China has introduced the Hands-Free Automatic Sperm Extractor to be used in hospitals 
IBM 在晶体管方面的试验突破 
Pepsi MAX &amp; Jeff Gordon Present: "Test Drive" 
How Guys Will Use Google Glass 
Evernote resets 50M users' passwords following security breach  via 
APT1: Exposing One of China's Cyber Espionage Units 
Creating the perfect iPhone: 15 jailbreak tweaks that change the game 
TIL in Japan cats do Chun-Li's lightning kick. The name's Mimi. 
Evernote Hello 2.0 
The World Cup Is BETTER Than The Super Bowl: Top 5 
Perfect Match - Bar Refaeli's Big Kiss! | Official  Commercial 
Fast &amp; Furious 6 - Big Game Spot 
史上最强抗日英雄 
上海气象局员工录节目时玩三国杀被停职 hlv 
A rather extraordinary play in Basketball 
KITTEN MEETS HEDGEHOG 
Father and daughter in a kayak have an amazingly close whale encounter 
What black friday looks like to an Australian. 
Mercury Browser Pro - The fast browser for iOS by iLegendSoft 
"Dumb Ways to Die" (A message from Metro AUSTRALIA) - The weirdest ad I've ever seen 
The Big Bang Theory Flash mob! 
Microsoft turns spoken English into spoken Mandarin - in the same voice. 
Dragon Baby 
Lol 
Holy shit 
RT : All-star #kpop titans PSY and HyunA are back … and this time they brought ice cream. 
German guy jumps into frozen pool. What could possibly go wrong? 
RT : mark下 RT :  RT  RT : #亮瞎了我的狗眼 中国共产党入党申请书生成器 
This is the halftime performance of The Ohio State University Marching Band on 10/6/12 against Nebraska. The... 
Honest Trailers - Prometheus 
好听！郭德纲于谦《屌丝青年之男儿当自强》 
Explore the ocean with Google Maps 
What the hell 
蛮好笑 
【更新 App 作者回应】Well：用社交颠覆 ToDo 列表 
“应用团”Mac菜鸟下载指南--解决网络资源下载难题 
Asshole Cat !!! 
Clever Bird Goes Fishing 
Shark vs. Octopus 
CNET How To - 10 hidden controls of the iPhone headphones 
Homeland - Homeland Season 2 Trailer 
Interesting. 
Lol 
New Super Mario Bros. 2 - Anuncio televisivo de Penélope y Mónica Cruz (Nintendo 3DS) 
The Invisible Bicycle Helmet | Fredrik Gertten 
Introducing enhanced voice search on the Google Search App 
30 Dolphins stranding and incredibly saved! Extremely rare event! by youtuber crariyo 
✮ Girona, Spain 
加拿大：你的钱化了 
教你用 A4 纸折出 CD 保护套 
One Step at a Time by @jordinsparks, from #SoundHound with LiveLyrics™ 
Patch 1.0.3 Design Preview 
"Steve Jobs and Bill Gates Together in 2007, at D5." video on @Squrl! 
Vintage Gramophone IPHONE Player, Oregon Walnut Wood Base 
doors 
QPR rocks!!!
Charming illustration by Lev Bartenev, cat &amp; mice 
Interesting.  //1:100 architecture models // NO, 5 Tokyo streets // design: Naoki Terada 
Somebody missed "Pinterest" : ) 
RT @weidaily: 北温Sutherland学校附近出现美洲狮 | 城市知道-微日报 
RT : 献给想要減肥的男性同胞～～ 
RT : 刚做的Kindle屏保，「这不是触摸屏」。有需要修改的，PSD源文件在此  
RT @QuotingJokes: A police officer came up to me yesterday and said, "Where were you between four and six?" I said, "Kindergarten."
RT : #知乎问答 华商占菲2%人口，控制了菲律宾80%经济，这句话可信吗？ 
RT : 北邮自动化学院特色班涉嫌诈骗，学生无学籍  这叫什么事儿。。。
【影像分享】Flickr 平台：Flickr Studio 

Lunch meal 
I just liked "Lotte Time Lapse: Birth to 12 years in 2 min. 45." on Vimeo: 
RT @uefa_news: Chelsea prove at Barcelona that adversity brings out best in them | Richard Williams 
RT : The Gallery: Cristiano Ronaldo  via 
RT : 网易邮箱太幽默了 
RT @ManU_FC: Manchester United reach agreement with Paul Pogba's agent over contract extension  #ManchesterUnited
RT @QuotingJokes: 4 wishes: 1) To earn money without working. 2) To be smart without studying. 3) To love without being hurt. 4) Eat wit ...
 Not bad, what about u?
"Gotye - Somebody That I Used To Know (feat. Kimbra) - official video" video on @Squrl! 

RT : FireCore: Work is underway on Apple TV 3 jailbreak 
RT : News: we have all exploits required to do a new jailbreak. I'm working on bypassing ASLR at bootup.
"CRASHES,  TT STREET RACING MAYHEM, Isle of Man TT, IOM TT." 
"Cat Alarm Clock" 
"IKEA UPPLEVA" 

RT : Blog post: For tomorrow: Nikon D3200, WU-1a and maybe a new lens (or lenses): 
The announcement of the Nikon D32... htt ...
RT : A good neighbor is one that does not put a password on their wi-fi.
Want to see 
Lol 

巴诺新 Nook Simple Touch 五月“闪亮”登场 
RT @QuotingJokes: Some fairy tales begin with "Once upon a time..." Others begin with "If elected, I promise..."
Sunday #sunrun
 thanks, good to know. only used Cpature NX in a short time.
"MAKE IT COUNT" video on @Squrl! 
 haha, actually I used instagram's filter. You should try it out if you have an iPhone or android phone. Thanks for following me
Check out Little Broken Hearts 
Food McDonald’s "snack size" Fruit Smoothie for $1, Apr 16-22 
RT @ManU_FC: Manchester United's Rio Ferdinand insists he is not thinking about retirement  #ManchesterUnited
RT @QuotingJokes: The awkward moment when someone fatter than you gives you dieting advice.
Soon... 
【另类拓展】品牌大猜解：Logos Quiz Game 
Facebook To Acquire Instagram For $1 Billion, Which Will Still Be A Standalone App  via @techcrunch
【分享】一定要等他畫完才能猜(點頭如搗蒜) 
RT : How to make your own coffee stained smart cover for the new iPad - Verge Forums 
RT : How to make your own coffee stained smart cover for the new iPad - Verge Forums 
AT&T to begin unlocking off-contract iPhones this Sunday 
RT : Blackburn Rovers v Manchester United – in pictures  via 
RT : Game of Thrones–to–English Premier League Converter, by  
Briton Who Died in China Expressed Fears to Friends 
$1 on Apple's App Store is 89¢ on Kindle and 23¢ on Android 
苹果给富士康涨工资，Dell,HP,Sony都不乐意了 
I just liked "Arctic Motion" on Vimeo: 
I just liked "Phenomenal Handclap Band "Let The Right One In" Director's Cut" on Vimeo: 
耗电惊人的移动广告 
"RUIN" video on @Squrl! 
"Jeremy Lin and Landry Fields "Secret" Handshake" video on @Squrl! 
Check out this video "Rio and the River Otter" on Squrl! 
新 iPad 显示屏深度技术测试 
论坛中毒--飞利浦Fidelio床头闹钟音箱 
【爱Apps特约限免】Tinman Arts–小鸡叫叫Ⅱ-谁是小气鬼 
【英语绘本】灰姑娘：Cinderella - A Princess Story 
Burnaby 
RT : ——豆瓣的对手是谁？
——是老干妈。
RT : 22位中国作家联合起诉苹果侵犯个人著作权 
 "Pls note that due to the heavy snowfall we are experiencing, snow tires and/or chains are required today" is this for everyday?
RT : RT : Nikon D4 had arrived for PDN testing 
