 我要看
他说越来越好玩
lapping around thinking what've happen
i like only sry sry
this is it the friendship between us hav to end its juz too too i dunnoe la i hope i made the right choice
my brother we had achieve 3years brother hardship y y u wan to broke it y
冷静吧兄弟
对不起了 兄弟我现在只信bobo 对不起兄弟对不起
我们3年朋友但怎么怎么你要酱不稳定 做什么!!!!
你怎么了 你到底怎么了!!!!
兄弟？！

y always kick me aside
 教我ponteng
felt changed wont think much anymore 哈比哈比 但是病了TMD==
 sry sry
music of life &gt;&lt;
 i thought bosco is a boy
 support
felt nice to fight against darkness cuz i adore someone who i wanted to see :] 
happy day happy night happy love happy new year is all u nid to fulfill a happy life wait wait n also happy meal :')
 its something tat comes around
 ini la malaysia :) jangan risau if u really miss them everyone will fell it
oh u hav a cute face its look pretty 
be happy be joyful cuz thats who u r
sry lo izzit ok ady anot miss u all leh 哈比&gt;^&lt;
 be minded sometimes it doesn't
  sry lo y so angry o
 many say cuz we've grown up the thoughts of us r different
我太瘦？ 还是你妒忌我性感XDD  新年快乐  ViVa 一路有你 blek blek
今天初几 哈比？
怀念是有乐趣的 哈比XDD
  wat about me T  T
笑容我喜欢你 哈比
新年气氛没在真的笑不去呀 哈比
好有妒忌的感觉
 hehe thank you happy new year#
 对不起别严我烦啊 我华文没你们那么好
 什么来的 读不明教教我 boleh？
爱 要追求别抢求不然有了幸福也不会很开心的 因为说定的自然会来  新年快乐 哈比XD
 留鼻血了又 不要那么美&gt;&lt;
新年气氛有点低leh 谁有同感 哈比
 thats all new year need n one more take 红包 哈比哈比
 没看到嘛
 喝什么？
 狐狸精死了救不会 不喜欢&gt;&lt;  哈比&gt;&lt;
 不会闷meh我也是刚看
红包 我看到留口水了
next destination to take 红包 呵呵呵 全部我的啦 哈哈
心想的东西是我要高&gt;&lt;
红包明天我来啦 哈比哈比
firework who wants to get shooted XD
 next u go n steal xDD happy new year ya#
 i wan
 你还是会美的啦 哈比 恭喜发财
外婆外婆恭喜发财 哈比哈比
 肥了XD
要去和大家mum mum了
shandy 是酒来的吗？
blisty morning makes the new year felt soft XD
hehe closers whats the wind bliss hehe 哈比哈比
happiness all around love it n u won't regret 哈比
shine ur way 哈比XD
anxious for 红包XDD
 sry for the trouble
 ??
 i wan to chat but really dunnoe y n what happened u wont tell anyways so its no point to ask i'll respect ur orders
 u hate from ever first moment
 ok
 i'll stop
 the toture doesn't feel good nor u
 i wan to wake myself up
我真的不知道起了那么大的火 真的开始发觉了 呵呵 新年等红包XDD
冷静 我想改变
我现在心里有其他人了 你也一样 满多人不明白我包括你 但是我们尽然都分了就别计较了 我想聊聊天吧了 女生都是宝贵的 我也心灵了 谢谢你 我做个好友好吗:)
可以原谅我吗 可以吗？  
我没有改吗 我要回她但是她有了另外一个了 paktor 时我也不好受 我想重新开心  你误会了我很多 我和你paktor时真的专一真的
救我 很怕 很恐怖 怕
 .. :')
 good luck for wat?
 thank you Michelle those words maje changes to me too
 but i really wan to settle all of it plsss lend the chance plsss
         whats wrong
school times over let's happy new year XDD
love hrmm its a great thing to hav in such a wonderful new year 哈比哈比XDD
wandering is the status on facebook is but if i think like i would be called as 自恋 很难想啊哈比
 多多原谅
sry okok hav a happy new year         
 kah wei scold n i hav no idea y
 can i juz noe the real answer for this
 having some titles to talk about la i've think positive didn't i
 其实真的说 做么我们连聊天都不能？
 he's important now but still y no chats?
聊天都错？
 y
nah juz think positive happy new year yeah yeah 哈比
连他都54我 厉害
 y cannot chat
it a tweet for or i've think too much
new year hehe happy sikit XP
i'll remember the word i'll change watever cost
a day i finally should think
Morning but y the sky still black black de scary XDD
  怎么啦？
sadness rise everything's that black 
哈哈 bobo 哈哈 bobo 她和他对完 而你们全部来打我一个 厉害
难道分了后她做的什么都对 我做的什么都错 她拿我的冷静方法来开玩笑啊 你们开心但你们懂谁在伤心吗？
我没改到？
很想settle这个问题了 但做么你们不要？
怎么说两句 你们就骂我呢？
又什么事了 哈比
哈比哈比 冷静了 对不起大家
  or u still hate me a bit &gt;&lt;
  sad lo my chemistry
  i also can tution at 0530 to 0700 ma i stay at super until 0700 everyday arhh
  yala study 没有叫我 哈比T T
脾气又暴躁了 我真的需要冷静了 对不起 gomenasait
  study bojio &gt;&lt;
tmr school sleep well sry for my reactions again sry may hav a dreamy sleep 哈比
 我很怕被54 误会
y always wan me to think negative y would always wan me to think like tat y only him y only HIM!!!
 你也答不到？还是又当我透明你明了吗
 只有你还有其他人能有她的回复那怎么我又没呢 你有本事来答我
 看到吗 我就只是讲真的是就没人理了
 我用what s app
 那她呢 我不是想positive了吗？
 你还能笑 不回不看不理 叫看到？
你们到底看到我吗？ 什么事了我不是想positive了？    
i've positive cant we chat back y cannot
  she didnt reply u?
i still hav no idea y izzit not fully settle
哈比哈比day
calm :)
i only wan to worry her also is tat wrong again?
给了你还要骂我 你要不要哦
有什么动漫介绍 哈比
 cook la egg plus rice thats the dish on ur menu
板面 呵呵 好吃好吃
  u should see the docter in the first places
something i use to do but now its all yours
i miss our usual conversation
.....she didn't tell anything but u
误会我怕了你 对不起 gomenasait 别再来了
 她又不回我了 到底什么事又昨天
 你不会不明白我在说什么 别装傻我会怀念
我开心了 接受了事实不够吗？做么还要踢我
y would u still misunderstand me i said is not the language omg!!!! i dun wan to go back to darkness 振作什么祝福你都要错吗？！
you've win y would u hav to hit again n again
again me  we ady settle y would u rise the darkness again y cant u understand a thing another misunderstanding would rise sadness@terosoh
warm morning do u guys felt it i hope u guys do  n good morning 哈比
good night ba whoever asleep
“good night"...miss it so much
我又说错东西？
 miracle happens when she smiles soft nights,happiness,love n more thn i could ever describe may the wind bliss upon u 哈比
starting to love the night wif stars ,clouds n yet imagination of her smile who can only shines my heart
 its not the language is the heart tat u willing to receive n take good care of the one's u would ever love
love is a miracle but its also bring happiness out of joyfulness hehe
 worry? u still can't get what i'm saying figure it out as the wind bliss anyway it likes the nights soft enjoy it wif the wind
i'm not blind as u noe i've understand everything
she's crucial you've understand everything of her but i'm still a frog in the well i guess its my brain tat wont turn let the wind determine
 lol again i've said love will not wait u do it before i slice my face its too hard to tolerate that sweet moment is happening
he doesn't treat me as a friend he treat me as a dog
 all words is from her mind u r sirely a dummy who dunnoe how to make ur own sentence but also bulk up
 now u only follow me !!! wat the hell &gt;&lt;
  那个是halo 啊
softly lightly relaxation night is the best for calming n compromise whats been happening soft night love it
openminded wow the stars above the skys shine juz like the smile of hers its too nice to resist for not enjoying it hehe love the night 哈比&lt;3
哈比哈比 开心时候真是爽 sugoinesu  aligato gosaitmashsta   @
手伤了 被她们54 T T
路上小心
 okok
 now?
  can i come?
 想呵呵 bobo 过着去
 在playground？
 你要？XD
all pigs wake up la  hehe &gt;&lt;
a morning wif somethkng imaginable it will be a great morning everbody hehe XD 哈比
unblock me la plssss very very plsss
jia shin a plsss unblock me T  T
all boss girls bully take care especially  i saw bosco status i became curious hehe take care
im not ady thinking positive meh yorr
  要看是什么傻
cute smile cheerful chats had came back maybe this is the way i should be stay calm n be quite for some while hehe thx guys
playground can i maybe join next time ?
 可爱 美 存在感高 开心就好了咯
 luck sry hehe type wrong
 hehe figure something its a good way to solve good lick
哈比 smile all around again
    感谢接受回我做朋友 alikato gosaitmashsta 哈比
 add maths XD?
regret the miracle tat happen while rise a tons of madness to ur life wif misery make a honorable choice it might be better 哈比
i really wish to noe what've happen
calm is a way juz keep calm
caring her is the best for her n him great things happens in the hardship of friendship :)
    我希望我们能好好settle the problems like this the wind bliss u all to a hardship of love :)
happiness demolish darkness but silence will rise it back the wind bliss at the road it shall be    
maybe its really we r not suitable but we can be friends n yet i'm still meaningless i juz wan to noe whats wrong
they also misunderstood me for weeks i've tolerate i've been so quite tat no one ever hav seen the part of me like this
juz really wan to say a sry wif a heart of friendship jia shin blocked me kah wei hate me all this i've tolerate i wanted to settle in peace
