猪宝宝好可爱！！！！ 
又死了一个😱😱😱😱RIP 
没事干等死由安妮来偷拍星巴克里面所有男的有一个做我后面的不确定性别所以不拍了呵呵你们看春晚愉快吧…… 
 
What's wrong with the new Chanel collection...they look like weirdos from high school.
新手机壳可以拿去当密集恐惧症图片呵呵 
Having fun with #ClumsyNinja for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
Having fun with #ClumsyNinja for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
操冻尿了 走到一半受不了了跑图书馆暖气上窝者了哈哈 像东北的炕一样 
哈哈逃课被发现英语老师太了解我们了😊😊😊😊😊 
在图书馆旁边坐着三个9年纪的学生…重点在他们笔记本上……我已经无奈了……唉至少不是贾斯汀碧波儿～ 
真的演的好好没办法 看一次哭一次 
没事干来发丑图了 求点赞安慰我 
😱😱 👍👍 [呲牙]年初了大家豁出去玩吧，被记得总是幸福的。❌被点的要发相册第15张相片😉😌装没看到的事事不顺😰 然后再点10个人、被点的人会幸运一整年[拥抱]。 
Having fun with #ClumsyNinja for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
Having fun with #ClumsyNinja for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 

只在加拿大见过中国没卖但是好吃到不行的糖 
You better work bitch.  No comments and no I hate that song. 
Having fun with #ClumsyNinja for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
都来做做化学题提高智商～ 不懂为什么数学那么简单化学就难到爆…… 
Having fun with #ClumsyNinja for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
Having fun with #ClumsyNinja for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 

这是怎么回事…… 
第二集来了来了来了好激动好激动！！！ 
室内室外温差40度呵呵呵不解释  从外面进来身体温度一下从-20到20度那种感觉爽死啊…特别是从屋里看起来外面大太阳又很漂亮好像一点都不冷的样子然后出去之后耳朵都没知觉了原来北极就是长这样的呵呵呵 
期待了好久终于看完了哈哈真的是很典型的迪士尼电影和tangled挺像的毕竟是同样的制作者 但是好好看动画好棒什么都好棒！ 
Having fun with #ClumsyNinja for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
小猪要不要那么可爱！！！！ 

为了做这个本子我是不是要牺牲我的牛仔裤…我就2条还很贵…但我好想要这个本子…怎么办怎么办… 
Having fun with #ClumsyNinja for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
This is so sad. 
可以比其他人晚13小时过新年也不知道什么感觉…好怀念海岸城啊怎么办怎么办 
没办法还是薯条最好吃～ 无视旁边的饺子…… 
98年拍的美剧现在看还是很有味道真是厉害！！！ 

对某些人真的无话可说…视野狭窄到屁都不懂还很自以为是 请原谅我屏蔽你谢谢 

心动了💓～ 
翻出老图开心死了！ 
哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈其实我也不知道为什么那么好笑 亮点自寻 （虽然好明显） 
Christmas eve做饼干！ 
哈哈哈哈哈 
下完雪下冰雹造成的效果…路上好多人摔跤哈哈 
Having fun with #ClumsyNinja for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
Having fun with #ClumsyNinja for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
Having fun with #ClumsyNinja for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
Having fun with #ClumsyNinja for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
Having fun with #ClumsyNinja for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
学了那么久真心感觉到为什么老外都喜欢莎士比亚了 写的东西真心不错 美的像个梦一样。 
Sometimes inspiring stuff really do work. And sometimes it's just bullshit. 
Having fun with #ClumsyNinja for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
Having fun with #ClumsyNinja for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
Forever. 
像做梦一样～ 
啊！！！ 
Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone! Join me now for FREE! 
Check out my photo of CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone! #NinjaPhoto. Try it for FREE!  
Love this one. 
只是为了点你名让你看我上一个朋友圈…… 
😂要点名咯 准备好了吗 亲们😂          🆗第一阶段🆗          名字:黄佳欣      星座：金牛      有喜欢的人吗 ：没       有谈恋爱的打算吗：看心情      喜欢什么样得异性：  长得帅的 
下雪了终于可以拍下来好开心 期待我的白色圣诞节～ 
I still miss Persia!!!!!!!!!! @ John Fraser Secondary School 
{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252
{\fonttbl}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
}
这tmd怎么写演讲稿…死定了死定了… 

And this is one of THOSE days... 
Just keep moving forward. 
Words of truth. Just go fucking get a personality please. 
Don't cry 
I hate Thursdays... 
秋天其实还是很美的！🍁🍁🍁🍂🍂🍂 
萌小孩！！没抵抗力啊！！！ 
Pumpkin + candle = Halloween!!!! 
This was the little 15 year old that had girls crazy not the bitch right now... 
Math teacher dressed up as a vamp lol 
快8点了外面还是一片漆黑…是因为万圣节吗？？？！🎃🎃🎃🎃 
hate english so much i can't believe i actually took it in the first place.....
万圣节准备的大南瓜～咔咔～🎃🎃👻👻 
努力好久终于保持0度截图了～ 
周末气温降到3度好意思吗…… 
I go to school to enjoy the second that bell rings ~ 
超级萌的小袋鼠～ 
出去一圈累死 但很开心的看到了真正的羊驼好可爱！还可以喂他们吃东西～ 
某个有热可可喝就激动到不行的傻逼…… 
很不错的电影但是看的我现在头痛是怎么回事…… 
Somebody's letter is finished~ 
长得很像狗食……但好吃到不行～ 
拿化学秒杀老外！！！哈哈初中知识拿到12年纪～～ 
想问问她穿的是chanel还是我想多了…挖掘身边土豪游戏开始～ 
多伦多天气达到深圳大冬天气温了…这还只是10月份…WTF！ 
I hate those teachers... 
New book yay~ @ Erin Meadows Branch Mississauga Library 
New book~~ so gonna finish this in a month or I'll suck... 
Yeah right. 
Autumn is coming bitches! 
先照一张没色的…… 
Crazy bitch stay away from me!
无聊到开始自学法语…然后惊奇的发现英语好不代表学法语会简单一点… 
Enjoy the little things like sleeping and eating and you'll live happily ever after~or sth like that... 
去多伦多DOWNTOWN转了一圈就吃了一个麦当劳儿童餐……收获太小了点…… 
Watching the originals in the library~~ 
Almost time for weekend! Starting my countdown~ @ John Fraser Secondary School 
不解释～（虽然他弟更帅……） 
听着谢安琪写ACTIVE READING NOTES奇怪的搭配竟然混起来不错 我这是快疯了的节奏吗…… 
JUST FUCK OFF MY GOD WHO DO U THINK U R
美女美女～ 
寒酸的早餐…好伤心… 
两个差别那么大…… 
Best ! Book ! Ever ! 
穷的没钱买咖啡机只能自己泡咖啡喝味道不错哦～ 
周末要加油把这个看完！！！加油加油！！！相信自己读书速度！！！龙纹身和罗密欧只能等到下周了！！！📖📖📖 
美术课坐对面的超级大美女！！！要是我是男的绝对追她了…… 
看！我手腕都细了！！好意思吗你！！！ 
Watching princess diaries Anne hathway was really pretty when she was young!
升级完了好酷！！但是好多不会用了……还要慢慢琢磨麻烦死了…为什么不连着添加一个说明书呢…… 
Say hello to ammonia~~ 
中秋节快乐
It's been a long day at school and I'm really really tired right now..Thankfully there's only two days left and I can enjoy my weekend again
蓝蓝的天加上超级大太阳〜 
找到一首很好听的歌 只是歌词似乎有点不对劲 不管怎样歌很好听〜 千万别听着听着就唱出来了…… 
Yay for gay~ 
This is my Indian math teacher. His name is Mr.D. Last pic is super pretty classmate from debai~ 
My math teacher haha 
嘻嘻 
美术课学街头涂鸦竟然布置这种作业…有点无奈… 
一个很丑的玫瑰…10分钟能画出来很厉害了！！快来点赞〜〜〜 
昨天30度今天10度是什么鬼天气…麻痹快下雪啊！！！ PS那个长得很奇怪的东西是天主教堂… 
阳台上的超级大蚊子！！！吓死！！！ 
Pray 4 911. 
Joseph~~ 
...化学测试死定了死定了死定了死定了…附迪拜美女图〜〜 
Love this pic! 
一个小时就写了这么一点…写不下去了怎么办怎么办！！！啊死定了！！！讨厌老头还他妈教英语！！出国英语瞬间成为最烂科目数学变最好的是怎么回事！！！ 
越来越多了哈哈 
玩MC挖洞抓僵尸玩上瘾了…看他们在里面跳跳跳好可爱！！！ 
为什么Tommy Hilfiger那么便宜！天啊中国几千的东西这边只要几百！突然好爱加拿大〜 
……抱歉没抵住诱惑还是去看了……年轻的backstreet boys……牛鞭我对不起你！！！ 
被笑死 
Criminal minds看的太激动了面膜掉地上了！！麻痹捡起来还全是地毯粘的毛！！恶心死了！！我操！！ 
加拿大空气好到带隐形眼镜都不会难受…连这里的可乐都比中国大…不吃肥才怪… 
受不了了给你们见识一下这边11年级的数学！！！麻痹这就是鄙视智商的东西好不好！！！麻痹就这种题老师还要一个一个讲！！！麻痹竟然还有人会听不懂！！！麻痹！！！ 
加拿大湖长得像海…是因为太大了吗… 
早上在公园看到了野兔子！！一点都不怕人还跑过来找你要吃的！！丢！！要不要那么可爱啊！！！ 
让我们来期待this is us票房〜 

看这个竟然会看哭真是神奇…我也好想要一个stitch.... 
Watching lilo&amp;stitch~ I love 626~~ 
来玩个游戏， 被点到的人发一张自己现在的锁屏壁纸、桌面壁纸、微信列表、最近一次听的歌，不准现改，就要现在的 。被点的再点10人，被点不发或违反的以后变成180斤的大胖子  不能回点！
[抠鼻]长胖明明就是最恶毒的诅咒好不好…… 
我的新学校好漂亮〜唯一不习惯的就是整个学校就700人还似乎是这里最大的高中…… 
vma上面某个傻逼彻底吓到我了 miley你怎么了…… 
Going to the park to c the salmon lol
不知道要多久看完……看起来很厚的样子…… 
牙牙是个菲利宾人！
Feeling bored and watching Star Trek on my computer there's nobody home but me someone help me!!!
 ur an idiot

Just went out for grocery shopping making cookies with my mom tonight I bet they will be so delicious
To the library with my mom and my sister hopefully no rain today
Selfie Ni.3 
There's nothing better than getting out of the bath after a long day you get all the relax and you're not tired anymore

Selfie lol 
Postin my first selfie yikes 
Went on a crazy shopping spree at the mall so busted tired right now got loads of Tommy Hilfiger super excited
Off 2 the service Ontario center in the afternoon have to take a bus there damn wish I had a car
So bred right now at the local community centre... Help!! Someone please give me sth to do!
Woke up with a sore back&amp; a headache damn looks like my activities r canceled today . @ River Grove… 
