RT : 贴一张ICIJ的梗概图好了，来自  现墙外了 
RT : Chemical warfare doesn't get punished when it's domestic, and perpetrated by a highly negligent everyday criminal... http…
RT : . Doubles Active Users in 10 Months [CHART] 
RT : A Breathtaking Timelapse of Yosemite National Park  #travel #video
RT : Words are overrated. These seven hand gestures will make you look like a serious intellectual 
RT : A Simple Way Teachers Can Learn To Make Apps 
RT : It's FREE! Download on your iPad today -&gt; "25 Ways to Become a Tech-Savvy Teacher"  #ipaded #edtech
RT :  Yay! Been reading tons re: coding &amp; tech lately. Scores about how there aren't enough women in the biz, so chee…
RT : How do you make assessments a meaningful part of your instruction?  Some great tips for #artsed …
RT : New leak hot off the presses: Walmart Advises Against Unions | :... 
RT : Docker Raises $15M For Its Open-Source Platform That Helps Developers Build Apps In The Cloud   by
RT : Great resource/library to create games in Clojure ! Check it out ! : ) 
RT : 3 Year Birthday! #PORTLANDIA Premiered January 21, 2011 #PutABirdOnIt  S4 on 2/27 http://t.co/dx5fx…
RT : Pope Francis urges the elite in Davos to serve humanity with their wealth  #wef14 
RT : STARK: World's 85 richest people own nearly half of global wealth. This struggle is GLOBAL. We're all in it together. htt…
RT : Bill Murray's "Ask Me Anything" is amazing. 
RT : Camera broken by officials in plain clothes outside of court 
RT : My great grandpa and great grandma.   Don't think many families in Taiwan had this kind of photo. 
RT : The two freed Pussy Riot members will speak at an Amnesty International Concert in Brooklyn next month: http://t.co/cD0ZY…
RT : 露馅了吧？RT : 
RT : Tuniu․com The Latest IPO To Rise In The East  by 
RT : A look at Sylvia Plachy’s photos of Kuwait in 1991, in the aftermath of the first Iraq War: 
RT : Slow-Motion Watermelon Explosion Will Burst Your Brain [VIDEO] 
RT : CNN coverage of #XuZhiyong trial blacked out in China.
RT : ICIJ will release 37,000 Greater China names on its Offshore Leaks Database on Jan. 23 -  O.o
RT : 142 #Pinterest Board Ideas to Grow Your Business (INFOGRAPHIC) 
RT : Netizens respond to  report with new card for Xi Jinping: head of offshore asset working grp  …
RT : Monsanto discovers the power of conventional breeding (with a twist) and the limits of GM. Bellwether piece in  Wired ht…
RT : 10 Programming Languages You Should Learn in 2014  
RT : No one is buying tickets to Russia’s homophobic terror games 
RT : 《The Offshore Renminbi: The Rise of the Chinese Currency and Its Global Future》DL  之前发过，今天应个景
RT : .@FunnyOrDie is putting together the next big boy band 
RT : Just got nailed with this. More tear gas in the air as well. #kiev 
RT : Kentucky! There are SEVEN MORE of these bills on the legislative calendar. Get some #LPJLeague action happening! http://t…
RT : “I always resist the old saw about writing about what you know.” —Rick Moody 
RT : Your favorite memory game 'Simon' has received a modern makeover    
 #trustyourelders
RT : Part 2 of  Professor Brian White's experience of turning a #MOOC into a #SPOC into a #Flipped Course. http://t.c…
RT : Four ways video games can help children love to read: 
RT : How BYOD Programs Can Fuel Inquiry Learning | via   #mlearning
RT : Scale of Universe Measured With 1% Accuracy -  via @spacedotcom
RT : Devastating letter from Ft. Lee emergency response chief (during jam) posted by Bergen Record (pdf): 
RT : Surely the gutting of federally established science #libraries is not the right path for Canada.  #…
RT : 25 ways to get unstuck in under 25 minutes  via 
RT : Chris Christie is bullying through a pipeline in New Jersey's Pine Barrens. A sick guy 
RT : When Christie is President, he'll address our nation's crumbling infrastructure by making sure we stay off bridges.
RT : Going Beyond 'Learning to Code': Why 2014 is the Year of Web Literacy 
RT : How people in Muslim-majority countries responded to survey on how women should dress:  http://t.co/Tlm4MXth…
RT : Facebook Like a Ninja With These Keyboard Shortcuts  
RT : Top 13 of 2013: The Year in Edmodo Apps  via 
RT : 70% of bosses say they're "very satisfied" with their current position, compared with 48% of workers. 
RT : 20 Breakfasts From Around the World  #breakfast #culture #food
RT : New tool! We've pulled together charity rating resources in one place: 
RT : 30% increase in beijing hot water price as of jan 1 
RT : The best (and worst) airlines in terms of delays, complaints, lost bags and more:  
RT : The top industries with the most layoffs in 2013:
1. Finance
2. Healthcare
3. Industrial goods

RT : Meet ChoiceMap, A New App That Helps You Make Better Decisions  by @catherineshu
RT : Planning to read more in 2014? Join the new #WSJbookclub. This month, we're featuring . Sign up here: http://t.co/3ymch…
RT : Beginning of the End for Christie? 
RT : 12 apps you should delete from your phone in 2014 
RT : Contributoria: A collaborative, open journalism project from the Guardian Media Group  by 
RT : Famed Philosopher Martin Heidegger Speaks In This Rare Documentary  #news #communism
RT : 1. First Position 2. The Short Game 3. Dear Zachary 4. NoBody's Perfect 5. I Think We're Alone Now 6. Make Believe #365…
RT : RT : Semantic, linked and smart data - predictions for 2014   #opendata #linked…
RT : Obama Urges Congress to Restore Benefits to the Long-Term Unemployed 
": Keiser Report: Pickpockets Rule UK? (E545)   " what century is this?!?!?!
RT : More than 6,000 people have watched and downloaded our Application Guides. How will you prepare? Apps due Monday http://t…
RT : Fascinating  documentary on the life, views and plight of  

RT : These beautiful illustrations depict Albert Einstein's life story via . Great share  
RT : Happy to see  "Life and Death in Assisted Living" make  list:  
RT : Unfair Trade: An Insightful Look at How #Coffee Gets From the Farmer to Your Cup 
RT : All my feed back from students when I demoed 4 different LMS was  was the easiest to use and I got the most particip…
RT : Prominent linguist Andras Kornai warns: most of the world's linguistic diversity is being lost in the digital divide http://…
RT : Here are some of the easiest food-related resolutions you will ever make, from @Bittman 
RT : Greenwald Attacks Post's Ruth Marcus 
RT : Bill Nye Signs On for Science Smackdown at Creation Museum |  
RT : 10 Simple Tips and Tricks for Facebook Timeline  
RT : Are You using These 5 Popular Educational Web Tools
 #edtech
RT : How Great Leaders Use Passion, Purpose and Principles to Inspire Their Team  #leadership #smallbiz
RT : Turn Your Photos Into To-Dos With 'Shoots &amp; Leaves'  via @appadvice
RT : That’s right, Oklahoma quarterback! I personally oversaw your upset win tonight! I had nothing better to do!
RT : Concern Over Safety Grows as More Oil Rides the Rails 
RT : Here's our first Nightly Need to Know of 2014!  #prochoice #reprorights #p2 #fem2 #abortion
RT : 7 Ways to Sneak Exercise Into the Self-Employed Lifestyle  
RT : Five more incredibly simple things you can do to protect your privacy 
RT : This book should be put in hotel rooms. A Better Life: 100 Atheists Speak Out on Joy &amp; Meaning in a World Without God h…
RT : The word "oxymoron" is an oxymoron. The Greek word "oxy" means "sharp" and "moron" means "dull".
RT : Confirmed: 2013 deadliest for #Iraq since 2008, UN estimates 
RT : Resolve to lose weight? These apps can help. 
wonder where TEPCO execs' families are as #fukushima meltdown grows    
RT : GymPact, The App That Pays You For Working Out, Relaunches As Pact With New Diet Features  by @cather…
RT : The NSA reportedly has total access to iPhones 
RT : Indigenous Groups Win Right to Seize Chevron’s Canadian Assets over $18 Billion in Amazon Pollution http://t.co/meB5XC5hV…
RT : In the Philippines, children use mercury to dive for gold dust in muddy waters:  w/  @P…
RT : Plumes of mysterious steam rise from crippled nuclear reactor at #Fukushima 
RT : Thank you all for your support! We surpassed our year-end fundraising goal! Happy New Year! #NYE 
RT : Here is a useful list of 230+ companies supplying heirloom seeds  @offgridinfo
RT : Re/code, a new tech website launched by Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, is now live  by 
RT : 在网络民权上，美国两党的界限模糊了，出现了奇怪的情况：在Klayman v. Obama案中，起诉NSA侵犯隐私的是保守派律师，而判决NSA监听违宪的是布什提名的法官。在ACLU v Clapper（国家情报局局长）案中，判决NSA监听合宪的是克林顿提名…
RT : Today’s Apps Gone Free: SoundHound, Striiv Activity Tracker, Filterstorm  via @appadvice
RT : 3 Social Media Trends You Should Know About  via 
RT : The Future of Learning—Digital, Mobile, Real-Time via  
RT : Check if Your Snapchat Account Was Compromised With This Tool 
RT : The Complete List of Everything Mayor Bloomberg Banned During his 12 Years in  Office: 
RT : A surreally wonderful treat: Salvador Dalí's little-known 1969 illustrations for Alice in Wonderland 
RT : 20 of the best productivity apps of 2013  by 
RT : Here is the danger of 6 of 9 justices on Supreme Ct being Catholic 
RT : Let 2014 be the year beliefs are assigned a confidence value in direct proportion to the available evidence. #hope
RT : The Science Behind Fireworks - Fireworks colors and the element that creates that color 
RT : A Simple Way To Introduce Your Students To Coding via  
RT : ICYMI: A recap of what we've been up to this year 
RT :   【20140604”六四“25周年重返天安门广场】  绝食接力。#主题社运抗争进行时 
RT : 11 Twitter Apps You'll Use Every Day  
RT : “We should look for someone to eat and drink with, before looking for something to eat and drink.” Epicurus via @michaelpolla…
RT : Constitution 'exemption' zone spans 100 miles inland of US border– judge 
RT : Some of the biggest biotech company disasters of 2013 
RT : 'Funky water' in North Dakota, home to fracking boom - man sets tap water on fire  
RT : Wait...what? A third of Democrats don't accept evolution? Let's see, what could be the reason for that? R-E-L-I-G-I-O-N
RT : The Best iOS And Android Apps Of 2013  by @grg
RT : In case you have this on your New Year's list...239 reasons why not to climb Mt. Everest in 2014 (or any other time) ht…
RT : Read 's top science stories of the year: Martian colonies, giant tarantulas, and 4-billion-pixel photos http://t.co/5dds0e…
RT : Attention Australia! My son let me know that your continent looks like Homer Simpson laughing. And… 
RT : Chinese doctor admits to child trafficking 
RT : Chinese Tycoon Wants to Buy the New York Times for $1 Billion or So 
RT : A woman found a dead frog in her fast food salad, just in time to ruin your New Year's resolution to eat more salad. http:/…
RT : We rounded up the 20 best music books of 2013, from Morrissey's wild tell-all to an awesome heavy-metal history: http://t…
today into tomorrow - Red Onion Soup With Cheese Toasts 
RT : Bikram Yoga Daily is out!  Stories via   
#yoga got a lot cheaper in 2013,  n 
RT : Your USB cable, the spy: Inside the NSA’s catalog of surveillance magic  by 
RT : Insight: Make Chai; Not War 
RT : The U.S., birthplace of the Internet, is falling dangerously behind in offering broadband service 
RT : Cool Dad Brightens Kids' Day With Interactive Lunch Notes 
RT : Listening to Lamonte Young's "A Well Tuned Piano" courtesy of A Different Nature on @kboo 
RT : Must read: The #NSA has backdoors in almost every popular "Made in America" tech product &amp; web service. http://t.co/k739U5Eh…
RT : 
RT : What China read: The top stories of 2013 on the 's Chinese-language online edition: 
RT : Students Speak Up: Trust Us With Devices via   #mlearning
RT : Popular on Forbes: Why successful people never bring smartphones into meetings 
RT : Which docs made 's best investigative reporting of 2013 list? 
RT : All your tweet are belong to us!
RT : Canada is the only country in the world to have a working farm at the heart of its capital city - 
RT : Here's a bunch of pictures of me in the shape of a cat. 
RT : Women's debauchery is interesting, if anyone cares, btw.
RT : Blood type? 
Weight? 
Religion? 
Questions asked when applying for a job in South Korea. 
RT : Why Chromebooks Are Beating MacBooks   
RT : . Clap hands for bubbles 
RT : In the Philippines and Indonesia, where child labor is common, kids use mercury to separate soil from gold: http://t.co/RJ1U…
RT : Sun ‘flips upside down’ while reversing magnetic poles 
RT : Chinese businessman wants to purchase the New York Times.
陈光标称欲收购《纽约时报》 被指"放卫星太大"_网易新闻中心 
RT : China bans officials from smoking in government places.  
RT : Wishing everyone a happy 2015. That's not a typo. I know what's coming next year and no waaaaay is it going to make you …
RT : Four big questions (and predictions) for Social Media in 2014 
RT : “: Utah is the state with the highest number of porn subscriptions and downloads.” Huh.
RT : The Getty and Google may have just democratized art — and unleashed your creative potential 
RT : drinking red wine and looking at yoga class schedules. 1973, it's been a good year....
RT : Lava spews from Indonesian volcano as eruption activity intensifies.  (Getty) 
RT : Swartz, Fracking, Manning, GMO: 13 most underreported news stories of 2013 
RT : It's a beautiful world: Milky Way over Quiver Tree Forest, Namibia (Credit: Florian Breuer) 
RT : Cool thing about evolution deniers: the lack of genetic diversity they don’t believe in should take care of them.
RT : Strap on an acoustic guitar and wander into any fashion boutique if you want to see folks get super nervous.
RT : Evolution is like love-at-first-sight. If you don't believe in it, it hasn't happened to you yet.
RT : How a radical new teaching method could unleash a generation of geniuses   #WIREDTop13
RT : "Before the war, I was a happy kid." A 17-year-old Syrian refugee tells of growing up in wartime. 
RT : China issues a blanket ban on the game 'Battlefield 4'  
RT : 16 Astronomical Events in 2014 and How to Watch Them 
RT : See images from around the world, including this one out of India:  (Reuters) 
RT : 81% of Americans say they have a "favorable" view of Canada, research says.  
RT : 5 Rules for Better Content Curation - 1) Share Judiciously…  
RT : #Why2013matters: 13 scandals &amp; breakthroughs that changed the world 
RT : China’s Xiaomi expects to ship 40 million smartphones in 2014, more than double that of 2013  by @kay…
RT : The Unfair Trade: An Insightful Look at How Coffee Gets From the Farmer to Your Cup (INFOGRAPHIC) 
RT : A convergence of the single-sign-on, API management and integration worlds 
RT : 9/11 was followed by a remarkable display of contempt for democracy, both in words and in deeds, perhaps unique in histo…
RT : RT  RT  Tonight, Patti Smith dedicated a new song to Pussy Riot and Edward Snowden http://t.co/A2Om4rA…
RT : How to Add Questions for Students to YouTube Videos 
RT : A new report claims that the NSA intercepts laptops purchased online to install  spyware and even hardware on them http://t…
RT : These swirling time-lapse nudes capture the human body in a way we've never seen before  http://t.co/BIl9R…
RT : Free Language Learning Apps for the Culture-Obsessed Traveler  #language #travel
RT : An American maid earns more than an Indian lawyer and accountant combined.  
RT : We need to talk about TED 
RT : The new Keku for Chrome makes cheap international calls right from your computer: 
RT : 14 of the best Android apps released in December  by 
RT : Internet Archive releases hundreds of classic game console ROMs  by 
RT : "Once you know your greater purpose, there are lots of roads that will take you there."  via @Harvard…
RT : The most illuminating nonfiction books of 2013 
RT : Watch 's Amy Goodman deliver the keynote address at the 2013 , today at 3:30 ET/12:30 PT: http://t.c…
RT : Iran official calls for direct talks with US 
RT : Kristen Wiig Was Way Into Bad Sandy From Grease 
RT : DIY! Make tiny geometric paper ornaments:  (via )
RT : Lena Dunham’s Season 3 Goals for Girls 
RT : The 40 Most Viral YouTube Videos of 2013 
RT : In their first press conference since their release, Pussy Riot vow to take down Russian president Putin: http://t.co/7NT…
RT : Watch 's keynote at #30c3 
RT : Homered to be on suck a lust sir !  “: #FF: Heroic shit disturbers:    @johncu…
RT : From the 2013 archives: Learning theories for the digital age 
RT : Swartz, Fracking, Manning, GMO: 13 most underreported news stories of 2013 
RT : 2013 in review: take an interactive look back at year.  | 
RT : 16 New York City Instagrammers you should follow:  
