依然感谢在生命中最重要的那段时期燃亮我的那个人。没有那个人我不知道现在的我在哪里。
终于我脱离你们讽刺的苦海 以为不再有勾心斗角的世界 他妈的现在不同科系了你们还想比较吗？比不完吗？
guess what? everybody is coming to ask for my result. get lower: laugh at you; get higher: sarcasm you. typical asian.
Appreciate any fortune.
十个月前我们还好好的 好好的 你不难过吗 可是我很难过………
PRAYHARDHOPEHECANPASSALLSUBJECTSANDGETBETTERCGPAI'MSERIOUSBECAUSEHEISIMPORTANTTOME.
 what is this haha
FRIDAY IS MASK DAY LOLOLOLOL
Plan to go supper with college mates tonight LOL
walao cute cute him disappear whole day just to find that missing stray dog....
sorry i won't find someone like you because you are only you and no one can replace.
你又爱上了另一个天平女孩。哈哈哈。
 幸好你在最爱的时候我已经认识你了 哈哈
wish to try all types of short hair before getting my hair long LOL !
... I'll produce a more quality video next time, gonna work more harder in photography and video editing !
suddenly so miss those events that i involved last two sem :/ but bye bye swc i guess i won't continue anymoreee...
他说。而我终于找到了那个他，说。
So early woke up but don't know what to do LOL.
He will spend his time for me although he is busy.
 HAIH very very sad..
... I hope you'll always remember me seriously as I always there to wait for you LOL.
 exactlyyyyyyy !
 haha okay okay :D
 megamall long or not ?
 you go where watch ? queensbay and gurney everyday so long queue :/
 ahahaha im just lazy for queue up haha &gt;&lt;
already forget how was my life before you came in.
fuckmyself that wait your message everyday like a sohai.
hair grow until an awkward length againnnn.
seeing everyone go cinema is just so shyiok LOL
 wow Godfreyyyyyyyy leh
so miss my colleagues! :'( 
Sincerely praying for your good cgpa...
越战越勇。
感恩没有放弃 感恩与世违逆的现实 谢谢老天眷顾我 依然还没有放弃我这个只懂埋怨世界却依然苦苦等待奇迹的十九岁短发女孩。
做那么久的卖柑妹连上学的车油费都不够
movie with dad failed. queue up so long at queens was making me like: WTF so long for what huh
Luckily dad no crazy as what you do. hmph.
我没有要名牌 我也只是想没有烦恼 我知道你很烦 可是除了为钱而活 就真的要这样幸苦吗 你就真的要每天打打骂骂 你才会开心吗
你可能就会比较关心我 不像我每次跟你讲话你都听不到 我不管有什么压力你会听你会理性给我建议 我一直都不喜欢你自以为是的个性 你总是要我跟着你的计划走 好了我选择了自己喜欢的科系你不支持我没有关系 我不开心有困难你只会说都是我没有照着你的计划走
如果我是独身女我是不是不需要这么辛苦做工只为了学费是不是就可以送我到外国读书会多爱我一点我们的家融洽一点就像我小时候还是个独生女你和爸爸会带我到出去玩我们很开心很快乐
我活着二十年了妈，我从来没有看过你为这个家改变什么。是不是少了一个人你才会快乐，就像妹妹去世了你才会带我们出去玩，我去当兵了你才会对弟弟好，一定要少了我们其中一个你才会好好的不情绪化。那我自私一点是不是如果我是独身女或是弟弟是独生子你会比较快乐，你的负担是不是会很轻？
至我亲爱的妈妈：要不是我满街都是亲爱的我会怀疑我是否已经叫不出你是我亲爱的妈妈。我不知道为什么我们这个家会变成这样，成立一个家好像只需要用钱。就别说钱，那我该说什么？我们吵吵闹闹听你说离婚几十年还是没有。你是可怜我们活着没钱吗？不是看不起我们没有你活不下去吗？那你可以离开吗？
那些曾经期待世界末日到来的人类 多半都是不想活了的。
请告诉我有钱人的烦恼 如果比较下来我比他们幸运的话我会考虑活下去。
 祝福你真的可以睡得好 LOL
 the fuc are you okay LOL
 finally a mcd near to your house
How awkward we are. 
从头到尾你只是把我当成男生一样 对不起我错了 我没有太多女生朋友 只有黄雪虹一个愿意给我粘着 所以你也把我当男生看 是我他妈的本从头到尾一直在等你。
你们爱的到底是女生的头发还是她们？
I ALSO WANT SUPPER LAHHHH
有些人愛著愛著就. 變了 而誓言愛著愛著會忘記 mentioning you haha. suan ler bar promised you i'll let go then i'll hold it,
chatting with ex and realized those were already passed for a long time.
listen to hebe's song and goose bumps + damn emo.
... suddenly miss so much moments. and i want eat jiaosai so sudden -.-
Only NS friends did really miss you like what they said they would.
不想承认我喜欢你 不然我就输了。
Lost conversation again. Fml.
感谢每个人的离开我难受了我才知道活着总是这么坎坷。
长大了才发现很多人会这样没有理由的离开你 包括家人 朋友算什么 爱人更不用说。
I'm like a sohai sleep whole day get nothing done to waste my chinese new year.
Then he turns to seen my text.
好吧我承认你如果幸福我会很快乐 就像两年前你和她在一起那样。我们已经是很久的事情了。
What to do wake at this time ? I didn't received any text of you. You don't even want to seen my text.
I wonder how would I set your birthday as my password. FML.
See what my bro done for my wallpaper. -.- 
说好要和我看的电影 要带我去吃的红豆冰 你还不是带了哪个又那个女生
I want movie marathon, then eat laksa, tomyam, maggie goreng, and ICE KACANG!
why twitter suddenly change the layout LOL scraed me ._.
He has girlfriend and we cannot go out together like what we did dy haih.
then giving myself excuse why you dont reply me. why im so generous hmph
RT : 时间是爱情的第三者
everyday wait your text wait your goodnight like a sohai. really sohai retarded me.
我只是你不起眼 在你无聊寂寞的时候可以聊天的工具。
亲爱的素素 算了好吗 没必要想起没必要记得 没必要选择难过伤害自己 算了 没必要 靠自己。
对不起我搞不懂 你可以很爱我怎么却也不爱我我们没有做错什么为什么要这样。
要不是你伤害我我会哭会难过 我不知道我还活着呢。
我不想又成为一个只会讨好别人的懦弱女生。
Hmph why seen my message. Hate you don't want reply you.
SORRY BUT I REALLY NOT HAPPY WTF WHY SUDDENLY ALL LEFT ME.
Sorry I can't control my emotion well when I know you go out alone with her.
I found no shirt for today.... T.T
THE NS LETTER GONNA SEND BACK TO US! Already forget what I written in that letter last year.
我们在寂寞中靠近 拥抱后痊愈 却不敢轻易说爱情。
I'm like sohai can't sleep in this stupid midnight.
Sohai liao I'm still widely awake. Thanks to affogoto yesterday afternoon.
I promise myself I'll become more prettier and a better me before you love me.
I couldn't lie to myself I'm not caring you, as I'm not missing you at this late midnight.
Finally I understand the meaning of the song Ta Shuo.
You'll understand it after my leaving my dear.
我们爱得没有错 只是美丽的独秀 太折磨 他说无所谓 只要能在夜里翻来覆去的时候有寄托。
那是我逝去的青春 有着你的温柔 还有曾经小心翼翼 却依然失去的爱情。
不知道曾经说平行时空的我们正相爱的 还有没有继续好好爱着对方。
He likes make up me but I make up also ugly LOL -.-
The me is pretty in this photo. Photo tell lies haha. 
Watching the movie you watched with me before.
Many many colours. 
Tu ran zhao dao ler zhe ge screenshot. 
女人在未嫁之前都得像个男人一样坚强。
Lehma the confession real show so touch! The guy make the lady cry so hiong and they together dy !
对不起我没在生命中最美好的年华遇见你。
Over confident make you ego. Stop doing that although you're rich.
I wonder when we will meet up again..
对不起我真的不想又和一个辛苦拉近距离的人变回陌生。
I want go home lah dislike public holiday.
 we forget to take photo LOL
A bunch of old lala scan me. I'm like WTF?
Selfdo curl hair is just not that pretty
Hmm why you continue our conversation? You know I won't seen you right.
Dislike people k me oh me yea me. You sai sai but I have no right to ask you to do so.
No idea how we able to chat whole day but perhaps I hope for some miracle happen Haha
你就这样闯进我的生活，在我不经意的时候。
Chatting with a cute dude early in the morning=best thing ever.
Slept only 3 hours LOL.
I want to know are you the reason I insomnia.
I'm flower hearted but seriously I miss cute cute him especially he came just to see me haha I'm over thinking lah haha
Meh why he so caring of me because I'm retarded ? Haha
LAST DAY AH HAHAHAHAHA I'VE BEEN WAITING SO LONG !!!! :D
如果你过得不好我会更讨厌你。
... I don't want your life become so bad.
我不想和那么多美女争宠………
I don't know what I want, I just know I want you all to keep this way.
对不起我很自私我不想知道你现在过得不好因为我会难过。
Full day 6 days can die ah !!!!!
有时清醒 才是错误的开始。
Faster faster faster 4 more days end work ! I'm hoping for off day, not cny actually LOL
My hair long at an awkward length again.
Tomorrow another full day haih.
... Nothing more just I miss those time that it won't turn around.
对不起我无法忘记我们五个人一起吃Tonyam的回忆。
我是变得更好了 却再也不是你爱得我了。
我重来没有看过一个人追星追到全部明星认识你。我对你五体投地的佩服 LOL!
因为我是大传生所以我更明白沟通的重要性。
If I'm rich then I wont suffer for so many unwanted bad temper.
SERIOUSLY MY HAND IS WORST THAN MY MUM EVEN LIKE AUNTIE !
手指痛得按电话都痛
 I mean, your cat photo lah haha
 :D okay okay wait for your cat on eyes hahaha xie xie
 I thought it is just a random cat ?
 I seeee. Haha thanks for sharing the photo the cat very cute
 so you like cat very much ? O.o
 your cat ??
 the cat very cute !!
Hate you come in my mind when I already busy and can't stand for their temper.
Poor doesn't deserve all the bad temper. Please respect me, and also my mandarin oranges, and my fingers.
Hands and fingers full of scars... And damn pain. Hell save me please.
Don't be so cheap soosoo.
Talking with le retarded sai sai Hong 
Yea we both online, but no more looking for each other.
I can't forgive myself. And I can't forget you love her before.
I only have 4 exs ? Erm 2 nia okay wtf.
How if dinner with ex ? LOL I NEVER ADMIT HE IS MY EX.
… 再见到你 我一定让自己 假装很坚定。
因为我是穷人 我什么都不能怨 我什么都得忍气吞声 我什么决定都得深思熟虑。所以在我最低潮的时候我看清连影子都会离开我，更何况是什么朋友爱人家人。
我永远都用钱在买教训…
WHY YOU ALL ALSO TAKE PHOTOGRAPHY ISHHHH THIS IS BROADCAST OKAYYY DONT ASHAMED PHOTOGRAPHY PLEASE.
then i found the photo i loved so much before.... 
...throwback to pretty skin aiks.
Another 9 days to go !
如果你和天秤說分手，他挽留你，那證明他真的很愛你，  愛你愛到連最後的一絲自尊都放棄了。  如果你還是堅持要分手，也許未來的他會改變許多，  因為在他的思想裡，那是愛你的他永遠只屬於你。  所以，不要輕易和你那個天秤的他說分手，那會他不能承受之重。
“值不值得我自己知道就好。”
至亲爱的陌路人，谢谢你让我知道有好多事情都是时间在变卦。原来这么熟悉也可以这么遥远，即不是深爱却依然在想念是抱头痛哭，我无法否认这一切不是因为爱但说了这些都无效了终于我们不再联络没有交集而的确是曾经走在一起的陌生人。感谢你手掌心的温度曾温暖了冷空里寒冷的我。
至最爱的闺蜜，我们再也回不去时间太多胡乱挥霍的日子，而现在你过得很好，少我我想也不会有太大的影响毕竟我已成为你回忆里其中几页疯狂篇章。只有我傻傻一个人站在原地而你们都离开了我。但似乎你们的现况都很不错所以我决定选择离开这样才对我公平。因为在我最需要你们的时候找不到任何一个你们。
至孩子的爸，对不起，谢谢你，要如何形容你在我心中的地位。你是爱人朋友家人亦是敌人陌生人。你依然是世界生唯一让我最开心也最难受过的人，三年不长不短的时间让我看清我们再也回不去，我依然期待奇迹可是在奇迹之前我想剥夺最后一次的抉择。我不想你成为我的遗憾所以我选择成为你的遗憾原谅我的自私
你曾经紧紧的 把我用在你怀中 我要如何去假装 你没有爱过。
至我亲爱的弟弟，对不起做你姐姐我也不知道我给过你什么，知道你在学校被欺负了我依然无法做任何能改变你现状的权利。除了让我退出这个家我真的不懂我到底怎么做才可以让我们家更有钱一点。所以好多时候我只想你能更好过我都想把花费在我身上的全部留给你。
至我亲爱的双亲，对不起做你女儿那么多年我至今都不知道我到底该怎样让你们骄傲。想当初小时候应该培养的天分还不都因为没钱而不了了之，长大了应该可以养你们了我竟还是做伸手拿零用的学院生。对我知道你们不赞成我读书因为你们负担很重所以我很努力做工了可是我竟然还没能给你们家用我就觉得我好没用
 finally youre here ! you missing so long in awhile huh
请告诉我生活除了钱还有什么。别告诉我没有钱能继续活因为除了空气我不知道有那样是免费的。
即使我有自信也好我什么都不会什么都不是其实我更不懂我活着迈入第十九年我为了什么还继续坚持生活与梦违逆的现实一直很努力地考倒我我真的不懂我为什么我还继续抓着下一秒的氧气来令自己遗憾这一秒的错过
 haha thanks caring anyway ! ;D
 LOL uncle. Forget it lah already passed
我真的很想死了算。可是这个决定真的不会再有第二次的选择..
Finally one day rest. My bones si sua dy LOL !
对不起我花心可是我就是想念那些曾经说过爱我的人类。
I don't want remember any of you two. please let me forget those sadness.
我忘不了 我们曾不只是朋友..
都几年了 你都换了几个喜欢的人了 你再怎么最好都没关系了 我再怎么难熬都得活着 即使曾说过没有彼此我们不可能快乐。
只记得只想记得的情绪 难过伤心难受都会忘的。
你爱我　你伤我　不算什么 反正我　绝不说　我多难过 有你的我　没有你的我　往后日子都得过  你内疚　你难受　别告诉我 免得我　又搞错　当作承诺 谅解背后的颤抖　谁关心过
stay strong with high EQ soosoo ! :D
 加油这回事就谢谢了，崇拜这回事...你就搁着一旁吧 LOL .__.
把自己埋在被里哭得稀里哗啦 你在哪里想着哪个她 。
 …这话儿就别张扬了，会招惹笑话哈哈。哪来漂亮了
是不是穷人都要忍气吞声……
是，十九岁嫁不出去是我的错，我很丑我不能结婚了难怪那么多人都远离我。
Customer say me ugly jia bu chu qu :D
HUANHUANWOHENXIANGNIANNIAIKSSUANLERBARWOMENDOUHUIBUQULE........
whymindstillfullofyouhaih..
 LOL whta's wrong with you
watch 1st episode of taiwan drama and cry like prawn LOL
i want go cut my hair again anybody please stop me LOL
对不起我真的很花心可是我依旧比想念任何人来得更想念你。
我懷念的是無話不說　我懷念的是一起做夢 　我懷念的是爭吵以後　還是想要愛你的衝動 　我記得那年生日　也記得那一首歌 　記得那片星空　最緊的右手　最暖的胸口
早知道是這樣　像夢一場　我才不會把愛都放在同一個地方 我能原諒　你的荒唐　荒唐的是我沒有辦法遺忘 早知道是這樣　如夢一場　我又何必把淚都鎖在自己的眼眶 讓你去瘋　讓你去狂　讓你在沒有我的地方堅強 讓我在沒有你的地方療傷
 短短四个月也让我三年放不下了。
dont gao gao lah really beh tahan you okay act til so pro.
心颤抖着 围绕吵声 空间静了 搁置自己在隐形保护层 用你过去的嘘寒问暖做现在的精神支柱 承认吧 我不快乐。
HAIH DUOMETONGDELINWU...
