农历新年长周末即将来临，一些国人会出国旅游。随着泰国曼谷的示威演变成流血冲突，不少旅行社表示，前往曼谷的本地游客减少五到八成。也有航空公司取消前往曼谷的航班或允许乘客免费更换航班日期。


Scary Birthday Experience in Malaysia.


Impressive Malay Wedding in Singapore.


Good acting like Jackie Chan.


李玟表示最近爱上练瑜伽，被指调养身体随时当妈！


Forbes has released this year's list of Most Influential Celebrities. Oprah Winfrey, who topped the list last... 
Hilary Duff has asked fans not to believe rumors about her which emerged following her split from husband Mike... 
以下為得獎名單：
最佳戲劇類電影：《自由之心》（12 Years a Slave）
最佳音樂及喜劇電影：《瞞天大佈局》（American Hustle）
最佳導演：阿方索庫隆（Alfonso... 
A US court has rejected Conrad Murray's bid to have his conviction for the involuntary manslaughter of Michael... 
Universal has announced that Despicable Me 3 will be released in June 2017.
The film will follow Despicable Me 2,... 
孫燕姿新作耗時兩年多打造，她極為重視，為此變身「閃亮行星女神」，由於服裝製作過程繁複，她無法穿內在美，中空狀態維持超過6小時。


蔡秋鳳將在4月18日站上小巨蛋，為了在演唱會上呈現少女體態，半年前每天慢跑8千公尺，在日前拍攝演唱會視覺海報時，穿著希臘女神式的禮服，就可看出好身材，果真催出好成績，昨（18日）門票開賣，截至18點售出七成。... 
“小豬”羅志祥前天出席口香糖代言活動，耍萌扭臀帶領粉絲齊跳Chew Chew舞；經營潮牌有聲有色的他，透露2015年想開間甜品店，好友“Jolin”蔡依林擅長做甜點，小豬也異想天開，要揪Jolin星期日到他店裡當客座主廚。... 
Crazy Driver suddenly brakes in front of lorry AND then get out of the car to scold people. What's wrong with... 
Many parts of Jakarta were under murky, brown water after days of torrential rain produced the city's first... 
Ghost Club SG Yung An Abandoned HDB Flats Investigation 
Planet Earth: Amazing nature scenery 
New Old Spice TV Ad 2014 - Mom Song 60 
Real ghost activity caught on tape 
Make this Chinese New Year truly special with a personalised e-card from the heart! #CNY2014 

Read More:... 

《銓少當家 之 走走小印度》 by Elson Soh 苏奕铨

Watch:  
Mr Right aka Lioniel Teo - Coming your way in February 2014 

Link:  
Astor's happy tenacity spoils his one chance at love with his lifelong crush Mila. Convinced he needs more... 
JJ Lin 林俊傑 - WOW!高雄2014港都跨年夜


Things that can hurt you just by looking at them are science fiction and fantasy, right? Well, not quite. Inside... 
馬來西亞歌手黃俊焰 祝賀 Asia Music Chart 亞太音樂榜 的朋友新年快樂！點擊看看，支持一下這位來自馬來西亞的歌手吧！

連綫:  
Flats in Punggol proved popular with applicants in HDB's first Build-to-Order (BTO) exercise in 2014 despite... 
Flats in Punggol proved popular with applicants in HDB's first Build-to-Order (BTO) exercise in 2014 despite... 
吳丹妮 祝賀 《大宅男。小宅女》 朋友馬年快樂！

連綫:  
餐馆热汤中发现蟑螂 环境局展开调查


SG Lifestyle Hub: Malaysia Football Fans Riot on Singapore Road!

AdsWatch:  
One of the Best Advertising so far! 


Rare winter storm brings ice and snow to U.S. South... 
Go for it they said and they fall into shit! 


These aren't ninjas! 


Who is towing who now? 



elebrating 16 years since debut, Shinhwa unveiled the dates for its upcoming 2014 Shinhwa 16th Anniversary... 
US President Obama has paid tribute to the American folk singer and activist Pete Seeger, who has died following a... 
US President Obama has paid tribute to the American folk singer and activist Pete Seeger, who has died following... 
曾志偉為除夕特別節目扮演「蘭陵王」、陽帆飾演皇太子高緯，找來翁滋蔓扮天女，辰亦儒則是周武帝「宇文邕」。


Fans of Prince have expressed shock at the musician's $22m (£13m) legal action against 22 people for posting... 
Fans of Prince have expressed shock at the musician's $22m (£13m) legal action against 22 people for posting... 
法國電音組合Daft Punk以5獎成為《第五十六屆格林美獎頒獎典禮》最大贏家。


2014年开春声势最浩大的优质贺岁电影【大稻埕】，今日于亚洲最大的杜比全景声戏院 - 西门国宾影城举行千人特映会，并邀请百位创意插画家前往观赏。


A rare blast of snow, sleet and ice hit the U.S. South on Tuesday, prompting schools to close, airlines to cancel... 

To know more about BRISK 2014 (Be Ready with Ingenious Strategies to Kick Start 2014), click to the link below!... 
SG Lifestyle Hub: Please do a good deed by sharing out this important message. A dying mother is looking for her... 
臺灣歌手林少緯 祝賀 Asia Music Chart 亞太音樂榜 的朋友新年快樂！點擊看看，支持一下這位來自臺灣的歌手吧！

連綫:  



Hyuna ! Really great performance and hot!


Learn how to survive annoying relatives this CNY!... 
In a bid to make a protest statement against the recent public transport fare hike, several thousand Singaporeans... 
In a bid to make a protest statement against the recent public transport fare hike, several thousand Singaporeans... 
驚！世界最大男性生殖器　竟比酒瓶還要長？！


5 vitamins that could change your life


While travelling to Orchard MRT, this korean lady scold a netizen stupid!... 
SOUTH KOREAN MEDIA: KIM JONG-UN ORDERED THE EXECUTION OF HIS UNCLE'S ENTIRE FAMILY... 
Thailand commercial that will make you laugh.


Slow Loris Eating A Rice Ball | 天生的反应迟钝.


How to Clean a Moving Sidewalk in China.


Big Bang successfully finished its concert tour in Korea and Japan, gathering over a total of 810,000 fans.... 
据台湾媒体报道，刘德华被传将收3千万人民币，担任大陆选秀节目《中国好声音3》的评审及导师，成功踢走庾澄庆。


Susan Boyle, who has multi-million dollar fortune from singing, reportedly has applied for a minimum wage job at... 
Susan Boyle, who has multi-million dollar fortune from singing, reportedly has applied for a minimum wage job at a... 
French dance duo Daft Punk have taken top honours at the Grammy Awards, winning five prizes including album and... 
French dance duo Daft Punk have taken top honours at the Grammy Awards, winning five prizes including album and... 
早前一家中文报纸媒体称阿牛植牙是为了耍帅，他在《Huat啊！Huat啊！Huat》记者会上澄清此事，“我很怕看牙医，10多年没有看过牙科，我绝对不会因为要变帅而拔牙的！


大馬唯一代表胡慧儀出征到台灣參加《華人星光大道3》，以185分止步4強，最終只能抱走第五名！


While travelling to Orchard MRT, this korean lady scold a netizen stupid! 
Check out what other netizens say... 
South Korea's state news agency is reporting that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has ordered the execution of... 
SG Lifestyle Hub: Can't tell difference between car lot and motorcycle lot?

AdsWatch:  

YOLUO 
Frankenstein's creature finds himself caught in an all-out, centuries old war between two immortal clans.... 
GILBERT GOH says: TEN THINGS YOU CAN DO POST-TRANSPORT HIKE PROTEST... 
GILBERT GOH says: TEN THINGS YOU CAN DO POST-TRANSPORT HIKE PROTEST... 
Looking for more funny and good videos online?
 
Check out our YouTube Channel now at: 

"Counting Stars" - OneRepublic (Alex Goot, Kurt Schneider, and Chrissy Costanza Cover) , Alex N Chrissy have... 
Steph Micayle - Cup Song Cove.


Furious web users in Singapore have turned to "human flesh searching" to try and track down British banker Anton... 
Furious web users in Singapore have turned to "human flesh searching" to try and track down British banker Anton... 
One of the protesters who got lost, Mi Lu Le, said: “I wanted to walk from Ang Mo Kio to Hong Lim Park. But by... 
根據美國媒體報導，Jonah Falcon曾在一個電視節目公開測量自己的生殖器，結果是13.5英吋，約為34公分，比一般的酒瓶還要長。

 
新加坡"建国50周年"庆祝活动，欢迎全民参与，提出创意点子。被采纳的建议将可获得高达5万元的资助，落实建议。活动标志也首次亮相。


吳是閎表示，自己很早就決定獨立生活，所以在大學時期就已經開始街頭表演，自己賺生活花費，但由於表演收入不固定，所以也曾經過著有一餐沒一餐的辛苦日子，但為了完成音樂理想，所以不放棄堅持到現在，並且認為這一切都是值得的。... 
While travelling to Orchard MRT, this korean lady scold a netizen stupid!

Eve Pek - I don't understand. Am I... 
Campus Rock: While travelling to Orchard MRT, this korean lady scold a netizen stupid!

Eve Pek - I don't... 
SG Lifestyle Hub: While travelling to Orchard MRT, this korean lady scold a netizen stupid! 

Eve Pek - I don't... 
Have you check out JustClick.SG blog?

Read More:  
Super Junior's Donghae &amp; Eunhyuk To Release Their First Japanese Album... 
Jay-Z, Pharrell Williams and Macklemore and Lewis are among the stars who will be vying for glory when the... 
Super Junior's Donghae &amp; Eunhyuk To Release Their First Japanese Album... 
以下要说的消息一定让少女时代的粉丝气坏！日前一则清楚拍下南韩女团Crayon... 
The former Disney star, who plays a pregnant runaway in "Gimme Shelter," opened up about her on-screen... 
The former Disney star, who plays a pregnant runaway in "Gimme Shelter," opened up about her on-screen... 
謝金燕洩底褲挺「姐夫」小豬 Show Lou　大方獻吻撫摸胸膛


37岁的王力宏努力拼生马宝宝。爆与妻子交往两年不设防


One man and one woman scolding one another inside MRT!
Check out what other netizens say about it!... 
Budget air carrier Scoot has used Anton Casey and his derisive comments about public transport users in its... 
臺灣歌手陳零九 祝賀 Asia Music Chart 亞太音樂榜 的朋友新年快樂！點擊看看，支持一下這位來自臺灣的歌手吧！

連綫:  

由新北市政府主辦.新北市政府農業局承辦.台灣漂兒娛樂公司贊助.現代視覺顧問公司所執行的櫻花小旅行系列活動於今天在「石碇小格頭苗圃」舉辦開跑記者會，新北市長朱立倫特地到場欣賞。... 
A lady was shown dancing in her room. 


Investigators were interviewing workers assigned to the packaging room, suspecting that the toxin might have been... 
SIM 33rd Singapore Open Asian Windsurfing Championship.... 
Can you tell the difference when someone likes you MORE than friends?... 
Rescuing two dogs, a brother and a sister from life on the streets. Please share.... 
SG Lifestyle Hub: What is your thought on Transport Fare Hike? 
A very good publicity promotion by Scoot! What do you think?

AdsWatch:  
The lead auditor testifying in the trial of the six leaders of the City Harvest Church said he would not have... 
The lead auditor testifying in the trial of the six leaders of the City Harvest Church said he would not have... 
从下个月3日开始，陆路交通管理局将率先在15条巴士服务路线，陆续试验推行"巴士服务可靠度框架"，以改善乘客等车的时间。


Play with my pet! 


Aggressive Girl in Singapore.


Let's see how expert wash a CLS! 


K-pop sensation EXO won a top prize at the 23rd Seoul Music Awards on Thursday, outshining 12 competitors... 
吳君如透露開拍《金雞sss》早就預了劉德華的份，當初向他邀約時，劉德華一口答應；吳君如更指甄子丹和古天樂的期難喬！


K-pop sensation EXO won a top prize at the 23rd Seoul Music Awards on Thursday, outshining 12 competitors... 
Prince has announced an impromptu concert series in London next month.... 
Melissa Gilbert dished on dating Tom Cruise when she stopped by "Watch What Happens Live!".... 
Melissa Gilbert dished on dating Tom Cruise when she stopped by "Watch What Happens Live!".... 
張柏芝帶著兩兒子Lucas與Quintus移居新加坡，雖然他們不在港，但有關柏芝與謝霆鋒的傳聞還是不斷。


陈妍希为扮“姑姑”激瘦，不过戏杀青后明显小小复胖，当天无袖洋装可看出手臂有些结实，马上被媒体酸亏“体重有降吗”？


A lady was shown dancing in her room. 
Check out what other netizens say about it!... 
Gunma Police Department arrested the 49-year-old man, identified as Toshiki Abe, who works at a frozen food... 
Just what exactly makes this Apple SO Awkward? And hw did #SomersbySG lighten the mood? #AwkwardApple Find out... 

臺灣歌手吳是閎 祝賀 Asia Music Chart 亞太音樂榜 的朋友新年快樂！點擊看看，支持一下這位來自臺灣的歌手吧！

連綫:  
A police officer was knock down on the expressway and caught on a car camera. Luckily the driver manage to brake... 
Pan, 45, is the most celebrated exponent of the art of competitive eating in China -- although he says his... 
Watch as Kyrie Irving dishes, dimes and hits big shot after big shot in his All-Star starter Top 10.... 
Thirty years ago, the Mac put the power of technology in everyone's hands, launching a generation of innovators... 
Just a song he wrote dedicated to the love of his life.. chocolate ;).... 
本地不少走私烟贩，开始利用手机聊天应用程序如"微信"兜售私烟。关税局去年查获的走私香烟，多达290万包，比2012年多了将近一倍。因购买走私香烟而被捕的烟客则增加2.4%，达到6400人。... 
The government's trial run to reduce bus bunching on roads will be fully rolled out by June with 22 services.... 
The government's trial run to reduce bus bunching on roads will be fully rolled out by June with 22 services.... 
本地不少走私烟贩，开始利用手机聊天应用程序如"微信"兜售私烟。关税局去年查获的走私香烟，多达290万包，比2012年多了将近一倍。因购买走私香烟而被捕的烟客则增加2.4%，达到6400人。... 
Do we have a problem?


惡整 - 胸口的鑰匙 


The best kitten video 


Something was bound to happen between the two best friends, and it looks like it just might between SHINee’s Key... 
龍飄飄講媽媽經，孩子不看電視、也不認識時下偶像明星！


Something was bound to happen between the two best friends, and it looks like it just might between SHINee’s Key... 
Pop star Justin Bieber has appeared before a Miami court accused of driving under the influence of alcohol,... 
Fifa has named a track by Pitbull and Jennifer Lopez as the official anthem for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.... 
Fifa has named a track by Pitbull and Jennifer Lopez as the official anthem for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.... 
王晶執導，謝霆鋒、周潤發主演的《賭城風雲》昨日在澳門舉行首映禮，發哥拖實發嫂與謝霆鋒一起行紅地氈，令圍觀的市民不停尖叫，出席的演員還有孟瑤，苟芸慧、馬賽與張慧雯則來捧場，馬賽笑說：“我們是來‘集郵’，要與偶像發哥合照。”... 
王晶執導，謝霆鋒、周潤發主演的《賭城風雲》昨日在澳門舉行首映禮，發哥拖實發嫂與謝霆鋒一起行紅地氈，令圍觀的市民不停尖叫，出席的演員還有孟瑤，苟芸慧、馬賽與張慧雯則來捧場，馬賽笑說：“我們是來‘集郵’，要與偶像發哥合照。”... 
费玉清《天籁缘聚》吉隆坡演唱2014会即将在3月21日星期五，晚上8点于国家体育馆隆重引爆！


A police officer was knock down on the expressway and caught on a car camera. Luckily the driver manage to brake... 
Pan, 45, is the most celebrated exponent of the art of competitive eating in China -- although he says his... 
I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "網路投選活動 - AMC Facebook 人氣粉絲團" 
I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "網路投選活動 - AMC Facebook 人氣粉絲團" 

臺灣歌手林佳音 (花兒) 祝賀 Asia Music Chart 亞太音樂榜 的朋友新年快樂！點擊看看，支持一下這位來自臺灣的歌手吧！

連綫:  
Football may last 90 minutes, but some players don't hang around to put the ball in the back of the net. We... 
President Obama's Science and Technology Advisor, Dr. John Holdren, explains the polar vortex in 2 minutes and... 
After been performing same song for like 3 months its so refreshing to see let out the beast!and at the... 
Transport Minister Lui Tuck Yew expressed his concern and disappointment with the recent spate of disruptions on... 
Transport Minister Lui Tuck Yew expressed his concern and disappointment with the recent spate of disruptions on... 
为了提高检查力度，标新局首次把稽查工作外包出去，防止商贩在秤上动手脚，或售卖未经注册和贴上安全标志的产品。


Campus Rock Shocking News: Pop star Justin Bieber arrested

Pop star Justin Bieber was arrested on drag-racing,... 
How to love an old dog 


這麼冷的天氣穿這樣，給檳榔西絲一個贊.


The Art of ''Wait'', Amazing Dogs! 


Super Junior’s Eunhyuk, A Pink’s Jung Eun Ji, and Seo Kyung Seok to MC the Seoul Music Awards... 
谢安琪近日因参加中国大陆的歌唱比赛而名气稍涨，不过日前她却被爆涉嫌传销，连陈奕迅邱淑贞等人也涉案其中。


Super Junior’s Eunhyuk, A Pink’s Jung Eun Ji, and Seo Kyung Seok to MC the Seoul Music Awards... 
David O Russell, the Oscar-nominated director of American Hustle, is to make his first drama for US television.... 
李奧納多狄卡皮歐（Leonardo DiCaprio）問鼎奧斯卡影帝之作《華爾街之狼》（The Wolf of Wall... 
After almost 5 years, Singaporean artist Stefanie Sun is back on the concert stage. She will be holding a... 
After almost 5 years, Singaporean artist Stefanie Sun is back on the concert stage. She will be holding a... 
李珍妮女兒的認父風波去年鬧得沸沸揚揚，吳春台堅持不認女兒，讓李珍妮火大，重砲出擊直指中華開發金控執行副總吳春台已在脫產


李奧納多狄卡皮歐（Leonardo DiCaprio）問鼎奧斯卡影帝之作《華爾街之狼》（The Wolf of Wall... 
This student demand an apology from his teacher after his teacher screams at him for misbehaving. 
Check out what... 
Forest workers spotted and shot the female tiger in a tea plantation in Tamil Nadu state after trying to trap it... 
The savoury, the sweet and the BEST of both only at D.O.C! 15% off when you download #PickatSG Coupons! Don't... 
This CNY, start it right by sending some love, e-card style. Nothing beats receiving heartfelt messages! #CNY2014... 
This CNY, start it right by sending some love, e-card style. Nothing beats receiving heartfelt messages! #CNY2014... 
Show your family how much they mean to you with an e-card and stand to win a custom-made family scroll! #CNY2014... 






The Greek general Themistocles battles an invading army of Persians under the mortal-turned-god, Xerxes.... 
Creepiest video yet... and that's saying a lot.


If the military made melon grenades, they would probably look like this.... 
位于裕廊的康裕医院最早三月中展开扩建工程，成为本地首个结合急诊、康复和疗养设施为一体的医院。预计2016年完工后，将有助缓解西部政府医院病床紧张的问题。


Utilities company SP Services has highlighted a scam involving emails that has come to its attention.... 
Utilities company SP Services has highlighted a scam involving emails that has come to its attention.... 
5 health facts you never knew


Promotion from The Tuckshop specially for someone... 
Indonesian first lady sorry for Instagram outbursts... 
