So Western journalists want to mull the political statement behind including a classic Red Ballet in the 2014 #chunwan #春晚 ?
 How did the ventriloquist manage to sound so especially awkward on the lines he isn't ventriloquizing? #chunwan
So who else is love-hate-watching the #springfestivalgala with me tonight? #ChineseNewYear #cctv
Getting ready for tomorrow's #chinesenewyear eve cook-a-thon. #chinesefood #meat 
RT : Pic is disturbing | H7N9 bird flu resurges in China ahead of Lunar New Year 
Sounds sexy : Early Europeans had dark skin and blue eyes  (io9) 
RT : Very cool interactive map illustrates the world's largest human migration in real time:  http://t.…
1974 styles must be in again, clothes look so modern rt : What Hong Kong Looked Like 40 Years Ago 
RT : So glad China finally did this: 
Shanghai Visa Changes #shanghaitourism
RT : "They Told Him White Whales Were Impossible to Hunt. That’s When He Went Literally Crazy."—Book titles as clickbait: http:…
RT : Pudong's urban explosion = @SimCity on steroids RT : Shanghai: 1990 vs 2010  via 
Wow! : Che Guevara in a Conga Line in a kindergarten in Shanghai, 1960  rt 
Watched 2 ppl get into a fight about Mao Ze Dong's legacy in a new mini museum by the new Jingan Kerry Center. Who knew that still happens?
This is the mini Mao museum, right in the midst of the new Jingan Shangrila hotel. Totally worth… 
RT : The Modernisation of Hefei – Transformation and Tradition  #architecture by 
RT : Khan Academy's founder on the online learning revolution 
#aiweiwei as #monkeyking. Always thought of him more as a #zhubajie myself. #moganshanlu #Shanghai 
Audio: nprchives: This is a piece from January 9, 1984 by Robert Krulwich on something called “shopping via... 
Where else could they build this monster but in #shanghai? #shanghaitower #lujiazui #skyscrapers 
Take that indoor pm2.5! When it started the little indicator was five bars and red. #cough 
RT : you say vain, he says glorious RT : Image of the Day: Chen Guangbiao's vainglorious business card http://t.co/i…
RT : Interview with SH's party boss Han Zheng on the new free trade zone - something to keep in mind for 2014 predictions h…
From : Slowly, Asia's factories are turning #green 
Just discovered the #blackpoweryellowperil hashtag while watching #Mandela. Huh.
RT : How Andy Warhol Explains China's Attitudes Toward Chairman Mao - Julian Gewirtz - The Atlantic 
Happy Laba Festival, hope you got a bowl of Laba Congee! #obscurechinesefestivals 
 Though it's not that surprising, considering how many drivers on the road in China are in their first cars ever.
RT : In #China: 1 used car sold for every 5 new ones vs. US: 12 used cars sold for every 5 new ones 
Having a bad day? #awkwardjetli says "eeeeeeeeyyyy" #shanghai #thefonz 
First recipe post in a while and it relies all on the magic of pressure cookers. #elaineiseating 
Just realized that almost all my favorite female characters in 2013 videogames weren't actually playable. Huh. #feministhacklesraised
KimJU's uncle being fed to dogs based off satirical tweet. Kind of scary how believable it was though? 
So depressing I had to force myself to read it all, but so necessary: The Rape of Petty Officer Blumer 
Bought HK-versions anyway, but yay! RT   China officially lifts game console ban 
THINKING THOUGHTS ABOUT 2014 - Oh god. I just spent maybe a little more time than I’d care to admit writing... 
Started off #Dinners2014 with a hefty bit of overeating. Fois gras on a tenderloin, course 4 of 5 at… 
Starting off #2014 with some mother-daughter home facial cleaning #happynewyear! 
A surprise early start to #nye celebrations warrants a #coffee #coffeegroupies #shanghai #energizing… 
Random SD card photos: #london airport reads. Amazing how many knockoffs of #50shades they were able… 
台北圣诞节: Waited in the longest line to get into a church ever! Xmas is a surprisingly huge deal in Taiwan. 
在台中终于可以呼吸新鲜空气/:B-) 
Great beginning for the new GreenInitiatives here in Shanghai. So many do gooders amongst us! 
No comment #christmas 
At what point in time does lying in bed all day cross over from lazy to depression?
RT : Nyt public editor on china reporting challenges, says would not be surprising of  joins the New York Times http://t.c…
RT :  Philosophical question: If the observatory has published its air quality index but nobody can see it…
So what's the air quality index say this morning, Shanghai? 
刘峰先生的设计演讲真有趣。设计=关系 #Architectatwork 
我们的摄影师真努力/::* 
A magical crisp morning to start off Architect@Work. #beijing #surprisinglywellrested 
Traffic jam literally as soon as we get off a plane and into a taxi. #北京我爱你 
RT : Everything US gov officials have accused Huawei of, foreign govs can reasonably say about US companies. Beware. http://t.co/…
 I love when guv'mnt is out of everything except the thing it monopolizes!
Why DO libertarians seem to be so in love with military stuff too BTW? Besides making us more afraid of young white males?
Great piece on Eric Prince (Blackwater)'s call for more mercs, and the weird mix of libertarianism/militarization 
RT : SOHO China's new Glass office bldg looks like something out of a Joseph Kosinski film (TRON: Legacy, Oblivion). http://t.co/9…
RT : Exquisite Poly Auction pieces on display at A@W Beijing - The Drunk by Zhu Bingren The latest in a series, th… http://t.co/Ft…
Is Grindr banned or something?  Blued, a gay flirt app frm CN, picks up 2 m users plans lesbian app next 
RT : From Henan to Harlem, Gao Yaojie now lives alone in a low-income housing compound. 
RT : Amazon announcement about drones for delivery released 3 months after the Chinese SF Express PR release. 
RT : 60 Mins devotes show to  "concept" that's:

1. Currently illegal

2. Involves sending 1000s of spinning blades thru resident…
Treat yoself Part 2: fries, gouda, peanuts and a salad (for health!) 
Today's treat yoself moments: 1.5 bagels and white wine. Tegan &amp; Sarah to come. 
A little thanksgiving relaxation. Whiskey and a peach desert. 
什么怪饮料?! 
Haha, the Chow siblings take on space serials. I'm glad there was at least one picture of it. 
 woke up this morning， get myself a 官
RT : 热烈“庆祝”中国在世界糖尿病日的患者数量高居榜首。China celebrates World Diabetes Day by having most diabetics in the world.
 
快准备好了。 
Dr. Sketchy's 今天晚上开幕! 应该挺好玩的项目! 门票140元，需要带自己的笔，纸。welcome to the boneyard~ /:!!!/:!!!/:!!!/:,@P 
Standing Desk! Exercise@work! 
Perfect Sunday Night. 
我可能知道为什么这个猫会跑走。/:,@P 
Managed to find a party that fits my theme perfectly #drinkwiththewookie #elelfante 
Colin is fulfilling so many teenage fantasies right now. /::B 
At: #di设计杂志 的 '建筑设计榜'秀。Also, had no idea about the west bind design biennial 2013 until I got here... 
Ugh, thought service would've improved by now here. (@ Downstairs @URBN Hotel) 
Finding out about the miracle of colored concrete from LANXESS (@ The Design Republic Commune) 
Saturday Sounds: "So Rock On" - Luscious Jackson
#music #funkrock 
I'm at Starbucks 星巴克 (Beijing) 
Sigh, what a day to have the WiFi not work on my laptop. (@ 北京南站 Beijing South Railway Station) 
35rmb cocktails on Wednesday! Okay Beijing, you win this round. (@ Mao Mao Chong 毛毛虫) 
RT : RT : Seven principles for using "big data" to build resilient #cities: New  http://t.co/o8J3e1…
RT : An interesting, rare look - via slideshow - into the world of China's female construction workers. 
Baby's first meal in America #detroit #airport #fastfood 
Well, I'm excited about heading to the U.S. at least. 
  even that little burning car looks so cute!
RT : Irony blind China Mobile vice president complains of WeChat 'monopoly' 
#elaineiseating: 8 1/2 Otto e Mezzo Bombana in #shanghai #italian #bund 
RT : Xiaomi CEO tired of Steve Jobs comparison  via 
My Grand Aunt, revolutionary assassin &amp; China's first female lawyer, featured on TV (in Chinese): 
COMMUNIST! BOOTSTRAPS! Lenovo chief shares $3.25 million of bonus with staff in China  (via )
 Don't blame a U.S. site for being U.S.-centric, just interesting that they called it "BEST OF THE INTERNET" as if internet = US
 But even Japan. Livedoor is 12m strong, Yahoo! is popular for blogging there.
 Off the top of my head Douban, Sina blog have huge userbase, features rivaling this list
 Just occured to me how ethnocentric this article is. Room for a new closed Twitter venture but nothing from China?
Hits right in the gut: Bill Clinton and the Sport of Hating Poorness by  
RT : Hits close to home RT : Hmm. What is a foreign correspondent good for? Not much, it seems...http://t.co/dxZ8UFY…
Been obsessively adding movies to my FB Watched list for the last 2 hours for no discernable reason. Why is listing things so addicting?
 takedown of the appalling HSBC settlement is spot on.  #srslywtf
Used to joke that China would give me cancer eventually. Now know 30yos w cancer here. Joke's not funny anymore.
"Each day that passes in Beijing makes it harder to discern the fine line between paranoia and precaution." 
#elaineiseating Exploring Nanjing Food: 大牌小厨 in Jing'an 
This is fantastic: When Björk met Attenborough - music &amp; nature combine  (via )
RT : 17 Sep: Chris Hope  from  to discuss how the "polluter pays" principle can tackle #climatechange http…
The really Chinese person in me is tempted never to add anyone ever again. #luckynumbers 
  FYI, for #Shanghai folks - The Lindt store in Grand Gateway was advertising that it had Cronuts
 Then I'll blame the article. Hope the argument that CN's economy will suffer from officials no longer overspending was OOC
Because, you know, China's economy is tied most strongly to its Gourmet Index.
Not sure who Simon Rabinovich is, but this article makes him sound like an idiot: 
I hope that wasn't a spoiler for anyone. #sorrymaybe?
That was the only thing I could focus on: Louie C.K. in Beijing winter, walking around in sunshine amongst greenery. What.
Maybe I'm just picky, but did anyone else watch #Louie S3 and feel weird that BJ in January was depicted as T-shirt weather?
That's kind of crazy! China: 24% of the world's connected devices? 
And pretty sure #9 is wrong. Americans love talking about how unhealthy they are. Every week, it's another "UR NOT HEALTHY" news piece.
Bummed out this article abt 10 Things Americans Don't Know About America wasn't filled with actual factoids. 
   Hey, if I liked children, that'd probably be my dream too.
It's like the feeling I got the first time I came back after hiring someone to clean my apartment. #newgmail
Am a little embarassed how excited I was this morning when I opened the new Gmail and saw my inbox organized for me
 Also like their choices of words to put in quotes. Are you "hyper sensitive" and "service driven"? It's a "chance of a lifetime."
 HAHAHA I've never seen the words "money motivated" so many times in a JD, even a finance one!
RT : Shanghai tweeps, take a deep breath because you're more likely to see a live T-Rex on the Bund than this, again ... http://…
If we learned plants could talk to each other/ feel pain, do you think many vegetarians would get fatalist &amp; turn back towards meat?
 Russia! Which make sense to me. But Chile being mayo-happy? That's crazy - I thought it'd be Belgium or something.
Today I learned via a recent Daily Show ep: Chile is the #3 market for mayo in the world! Who woulda thought?
RT : 2001-09: 53% growth in gated communities. Anxiety &amp; Isolation: How Gated Communities Enable Vigilantes http://t.co/hvKA2dX0S…
Always weirded out by the people who choose to follow me in the month or so I don't tweet
RT : #Inequality is the most significant predictor of poor economic performance in #cities: New study  http://t.co/Ty7…
Elaine is Eating: Checking out Beef &amp; Liberty's classic... plus: fried pickles! 
yikes, our neighbor's AC repairman is in one of those situations w a pretty obvious 'bad' ending 
 But I never plugged anything in!
Like the wheel just keeps spinning, but nothing loads until it crashes? Google Chrome! WHY! Happened to 2 computers now.
Has anyone else come across the problem where Google Chrome just suddenly stops loading anything?
RT : What the Chinese dream IS NOT.  via 
RT : China’s Great Uprooting: Moving 250 Million Into Cities 
Elaine is Eating: Brunching it up at Henkes #shanghai #foodblogging 
I have never hated #birdflu as much as i did today, when I went to 2 separate places for chicken wings and was left  wanting.
RT : Got to love the Global Times' RECOVER DIAOYU ISLANDS game. 
 I don't think Michelle Obama can do anything without somebody thinking it's "controversial."
  Parents always told me my unclean plate was what my future husband's face would look like. #oldwivestales
Elaineiseating: Peanut Butter Bacon ice cream at Manhattan Beach Creamery 
Elaineiseating: Tock's Montreal Deli, home of smoked pastrami and real cheese curdy poutine in #Shanghai 
I wish there was some way to see where a shortened link comes from so that I automatically know it's not worth clicking.
ha ha! gotta love chinglish crime advice ": Top tips from shit cops "
Though then I wonder, what non-Earth planet isn't a fixer upper? "Venus would be nice, if not for all the poisonous gas"
RT : "Mars is a fixer-upper of a planet but very promising." Explained its a bit cold but "could warm it up with greenhouse gases…
The largest frustration in my life right now is people who don't read my emails to them before they reply.
Taxi driver: I asked him if it was the iphone 6. Even kids don't have such crappy phones anymore.
my taxi driver is making fun of his last foreigner passenger for having a dumbphone #thisischina
Elaineiseating: Zinc &amp; the Manhattan Beach Farmer's Market #california #newamerican 
 I wish Baz Luhrmann would turn down the chance for directing most movies.
Elaine is Eating: Fritto Misto in Santa Monica 
 Is McAnally a real name?!
A tumblr featuring worlds where not a single woman has yet to tread via : 
This is the "toughest job market in history" for Chinese grads, and they're trying to find who's to blame: 
While we're on a socio-racial pop beat: Why are we so afraid to hail Beyonce as feminist? 
A fascinating look at what Kanye West's music means in context of our ability to dismiss its messages via : 
RT : Horrified by the idea of women being jailed for miscarriages &amp; stillbirths? Follow  and their important work. http…
I spoke too soon. #newFlickr is now not working for me, even though it's working for the person who just signed up 20min ago. :/
At the same time, seeing photos of me from 2005 makes me realize that nothing has changed in 8 years re: hair, clothes :(
Intensely happy about the way the new Flickr works/looks - finally, keeping my account from 2005 was worth it
RT : new TiA post - This Report Shows That Chinese Startups Need to Get the Hell Out of Beijing, 
Seriously, let's all do 80s karaoke with China's first lady #pengliyuan 
My mom, being a Shandong gal, can't get enough of Peng Liyuan. Good thing Youtube has so much of her old stuff: 
RT : Peng Liyuan makes Forbes list of Most Powerful Female Celebrities, alongside Beyoncé 
When people have no real power, can you really write a headline about them "demanding" things?
Fascinating: Visual Grid of Sino-DPRK smuggling.  via  There was a great Planet Money story on this too.
Challenging the "Women, Cattle &amp; Slaves" narrative: Guess what? Women have always fought. 
I WANT TO COMPLAIN ABOUT KINJA SO BAD BUT THERE IS NO FORUM IN WHICH THAT WOULD BE EVEN MODERATELY USEFUL
 Oh, is that where that phrase comes from?
RT : Wow! Yet another food scandal! WTF? RT @IHT_RDV: ‘Cadmium Rice’ Is China’s Latest Food Scandal 
RT : Crowdfunding campaign tries to buy Tribune Co. newspapers:  “media is supposed to be free and owned by r…
RT : Shanghailander on the slightly oddly disconnected view of Shanghai's history at the Wukang Lu Tourist Centre - http://t.c…
Listening to a dad at airport leaving msg for kid, reminding him not to play videogames between Mon to Fri. Aww~
RT : RT @graduatefog: Only 3% new journalists have a working class parent:  Unpaid internships to blame…
RT : Actual slideshow at CCP's official newspaper: "Hot dances of basketball babies ignite CBA cheerleading championship." http:…
  Well now, it's not like a PR firm can ever actually tell a company "Hey, stop making our work hard for us." :P
Thanks to @Bokane, I now know of @hiddenharmonies :/
#CambridgeMBA s seek £1million  against food insecurity in urban slums with Chama ya Jikoni  Vote for them!
Pinterest is fun for feminist quotes re-purposed as fashion accessories.

Jarvis Is A Personal Assistant That Goes Beyond Siri To Embrace The Connected Home

RT : Has every conversation in history been just a series of meaningless beeps? Brooker on form 
  Graduating today into a new life where I unabashedly take #selfies #Cambridge
Why does it always feel like I get the most followers when I don't say anything?
RT :  Im no expert on earthquake-dam connection, but look at this SW china map of dams
RT : RT : Call of duty. Ya'an TV host, meant to get married today, is wearing her wedding dress to report on TV. #sich…
If I were stuck with any of these people I would think humanity wasn't worth it and off myself. #walkingdead sucks.
I'm sorry but Walking Dead makes zombie apocalypses seem boring as fuck.
Reminds me of the time my mom said women could serve tea at meetings as if it was a gift they had to act subservient to be liked. #femirage
  I didn't think it was the FEMALE officials that particularly needed etiquette training. 
RT : Amazing colour photos of Beijing in 1947 
I should've added #clicheheadlines to that last tweet. #badathashtags
Why bother with the whole Dragon/Elephant China/India analogy when it doesn't actually fit the story? 
RT : Education is portrayed as the great leveler. But it can’t do its job if it leaves so many behind so early.  http://t.co/r ...
Could this be the future of furniture? Digital files cut by your local manufacturer: 
Gyaaaaah! Why the economics of dead pig sales in China means you've prob eaten dead pig already: 
Richard Branson: "Shower? But then what job would my lovely milk bath rub-down girls have?"
Richard Branson: "Vending Machine? I prefer a top-notch personal chef!"
Richard Branson: "Roomba? I prefer a great live-in maid!"
