地鐵年年賺錢學乜人賴屎？？
閒聊也得找好對手，能上天下地、博聞多識、幽默輕鬆的談最理想，最怕遇上只想做聽眾、目光呆滯的人，那種不自然的沈默局面，沒話找話說，實在難堪。
還我春天！！！！
_！係咪癡線架，好_凍呀_ _！！！！
 所以唔拋棄你，你係我地既徐玄
 巨蟹同天蠍好夾 因為巨蟹可以滿足天蠍既佔有慾
可惜誰的情你都不領 把人人都嚇走了
仍是消費主義霸權文化階級觀念形象工程物質享受等一大堆黑手的棋子。
我怪 月亮過份美麗
怪我 過份為月亮著迷
男人愈老愈有市場，不因為年紀，而是經歷，是累積多年的閱歷。
其實你like乜野？？
沒有支持 只令自己不享受做這些 我不喜歡朋友冷嘲熱諷 朋友
  話我知話我知~~~
 你個腦唔係用黎諗呢d姐xD
 我教蕉!!
舊金根本屬於我 我都無力執
多少年來，人人都說香港教育制度有問題，為以後長遠計，改是應該改的，但該怎樣改，沒有人――特別是有些教育「專家」，可以把話說到點子上，花腔人人會表演，悅耳而不踏實，只落得個眼花繚亂。
why,why 0830
if i were a boy
我也感激當日你的甜蜜玩笑
所以話，全屋女人，新年送禮最好送我地燕窩，全家開心XD (下次送夠八支，六支唔夠分)
His life will be his life.
I won't let go of my Tigger inside me.
Sometimes,all you have to do is ask,and it can lead to all your dreams coming true.
15 is sweet,and your voice as well.
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.It's that the failure is not just acceptable,it's often essential.
It's not how hard you hit.It's how hard you get it...and keep moving forward.
Please think about who started it at the beginning. You are not the queen of the world.
想一位朋友，他最大的缺點是甚麼？

自我中心。

(其實都算不上是朋友)
i hate tons of message!
 我都會幫家母染頭髮架
i hope it's cool in morning only.
 好同意
Everybody is a genius.But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.
沒有人離開你，是你離開我們一個又一個，從來，孤獨都是自造的。
sweet.
又話今日回暖？？？？
眾人皆醉我獨醒
嘴角微微一揚
Don't invite me:(
Keep it secret.It's funny!
他說 他很好 現在很安好的坐在這裡跟我聊天
我說 我很好 現在很安好的坐在這裡跟他聊天
頂!!
大概是在渴望被愛的心情下，在前塵舊事中選一個來回味。
Shandi最可愛的時候
是她最shandiness的時候
呵呵
Weird,weird,many of them get used to wear it..
:)
找一晚
很難懂嗎
是的 我知道我很難被理解
So,every ship goes too fast,it comes the trouble.
當年很年輕的Amanda Tann老了很多。
The truth is,everyone is going to hurt you.You just go to find the ones worth suffering for.
車!做咩姐宜家!!
是暫時性的
Dr.
Please be nice to others:)
Why do pancakes need to be round?
I figured the ballooner could handle himself,and if not,well,I was still grabbing Jai first.I loved her.Him,I'd just met.
我想 追隨浪漫與和平
I will come,surely.
Homesick these days.
?
where are the mistakes?
:(
 take care,our beloved tn.
天空很大 我們很年輕
"Wow,this is the epitome of a person appreciating this day and this moment."
The kind of absentminded smile a person might have when he's alone,happy in his own thoughts.
我向來都很喜歡看男生打籃球
 a touching wish.
想起爸爸
其實醫生挺可愛
Good luck Shandi.
講甚麼講
 so,cheer up my first choice.
Don't mention to him,
Don't tell it,
Don't tell that,
we are only colleague.
其實有時候，我也自覺太厲害。=P
軍糧很重
 i want all is well for you and me=P
溫書啦你!
我真係好xyz蠢
 no worry!
Good night my TN.
 good luck,D.
其實，有甚麼意思？
To see thing thousand miles away,thing hidden behind walls and within rooms,thing dangerous to come to,to draw closer,to see and be amazed.
「把回憶放進去，請留一格給我們，留一格給家人，可以的話，希望有一格是將來的男朋友。聖誕快樂，我的幸運兒。」
 spend time with pigs tonight,happy xmas eve:)
人若然忘記了愛
wowing voice.
RT : HMS Protector celebrated Christmas amid the definitively wintry ice caps of Antarctica:  http://t.co/N…
大概是那一晚，吸引了他一點的注意，我還是他心目中那個小妹妹，我不幻想了。
人的靈魂不過是駱駝
重死了!!
落枕
sh...
現實生活潛伏的陰影與壓力，何嘗不是最兇猛的鬼魅？夢中見鬼，醒來就沒事，那些本來沒察覺的陰暗面，醒來卻如此證據確鑿，又瑣碎得無從入手驅趕，當然比鬼更猛。
2014 我希望我有勇氣表白 表出2012開始的白
佩服家母身邊的男人s
"Do you think this is a good idea at all?"
"I have no idea if thiss is a good idea."
If he had the biggest stuffed animal,then he was the coolest guy in the carnival.
Mandy姐姐今日帶我去玩:)
 恭喜哂~~
獨個兒，一邊喝著Gingerbread latte，一邊預備聖誕，這是幸福。
感恩，聖誕快樂。
I wish I could have a hot chocolate everyday:)
要每一根火柴全為這一刻燃燒
how's your fantastic trip?nice singing photo for me from you:)
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.
Nice trip in Haerbin,take more photo:)
也許尼采是陽萎症患者吧!
Start your journey,not a vacation,not for luxury,enjoy your trip my singing dear:)
賣身了的罪？
得兔忘蹄
得魚忘筌
得象忘言
得意忘象
Guilty..
I always make you singing arond with me:)
狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人狂人
所謂回憶者，雖說可以使人歡欣，有時也不免使人寂寞，使精神的絲縷還牽著已逝的寂寞的時光..
待到孤身枯坐，回憶從前，這才覺得大半年來，只為了愛，――盲目的愛，――而將別的人生的要義全盤疏忽了。
烏煙瘴氣
 幟哥，唔好repeat,下次試下食撈麵王
加油呀!我以後都唔會同你同組架啦:)
I know I must never talk about MONEY to you,you are totally different from dad,shut your mouth up okay?
I choose it,and I do keep going it.
I DON'T KNOW.
Jethro!! .v.
創意唔只係一個答案，創意係你識得去問一個好問題，再去搵答案，呢個就係創作由零到一既第一步。
So sad, but you are pretty.
 見到你 好親切 030
食野食野食野
 係咁架啦
受寵若驚:)
繞著繞著，甚麽甚麼踏踏實實...
佛教中的六道輪迴中，有一餓鬼道，大多數餓鬼生活飢饉貧乏，貪婪多欲，永遠無法滿足，此般餓鬼所居的世界稱為餓鬼道，是六道輪迴中的苦道。
  鍾嘉欣？
PO和CPO是官同兵的橋樑，所以累是正常的。
怎樣才叫「合作愉快」？用半年時間摸索。
得戚
 Sorrry姐上呀!!!
"Even I don't have any achievement,I still 9 staying in here.Even my ship is sinking."
laugh die me!hahah!
Fragrance.
大愛這鮮色主角直到不行
Marked,
the doctor said,for eternity.
By the name of Annabel Lee;
And this maiden she lived with no other thought
Than to love and be loved by me.
Baby is baby.
Cappuccino是一個教派的名字，因為神父袍是淺褐色，就像這種發泡牛奶咖啡的顏色。
「但意大利少年的優美與強壯，是溫柔與力量的結合。我時常在街上瀏覽美少年。意大利人又大膽，每每眉目傳情，我貪悅聲色，戀戀至幾乎不忍離去。」
到處是情人的話，我很想到羅馬去。
其實眼淚時常都白流，是因為不夠聰慧通透。
God bless me,please.
Amen.
我想上學，我想穿校服走斜路，我想在大蛋糕上曬太陽。
天氣又開始轉涼了。那種教人莫名其妙的淒慼又在空氣中飄蕩著，像乾枯的楓葉的味道，就像要提醒我：完sem啦~完sem啦~~yeahhh~
Wanna try the purple film:)
Bush jacket as the first time,but you are not singing nearby..
dont wake up wont wake up cant wake up,no dont wake me up..
singing a long long conversation~
So beautiful this one.
Really very slim.
So very match.
And me nearby.
o why..I can't sing when judging the footdrill?
o why..I can't sing on the parade ground?
Brilliant.
Sparkling.
RT : `Heaven and Earth´ could be the name of this fantastic shot by oleman. Congrats, you are our Photo Of The Day! - http://t.c…
RT : The word “selfie” has gone from being a social media darling to being Oxford Dictionaries’ Word of the Year 2013! http://t.…
underscore..underscore..
I've got the wintertime,wintertime sadness..
 and i didnt receive anything actually hahah!
 need not to mention that my tweet is not your favorite..==
ShandiShandiShandiShandiShandiShandiShandiShandiShandiShandiShandiShandiShandiShandiShandiShandiShandiShandiShandiShandiShandiShandiShandi!!
:(
I guess it must be really sweet when singing around.
Fisherwoman
嬉山莫嬉水之Noisy City=P
 我幫你!
Google Mike
Sam sir
Miss Shandi
Captain Jerry
Sarge Tong
DJ Marco
Nurse Kelvin
Social worker Carli
Hey,remember what we said this night.
RT : The company of HMS Lancaster gather for a group photo weeks before she returns home to the UK  http://…
RT : Images of  personnel at work. #TeamRN #LifeWithoutLimits #ProtectingOurNationsInterests 
知足。上進。
RT : 相信自己
努力過 付出過 
必有收獲
失敗時 停下來休息就好
小小挫折 不算什麼 
休息，是為了走更遠的路=P
 蕉蕉蕉一齊捱落去!
Enjoying in POT,Crispy Port.
所有 都只不過是自己選擇
A very fine mistake.
Be Shandiness!
 omg..
Why are you so bold in argument but when it comes to the point,when it's something that's actually happening,your're fucking careful?
With the occasional booster...another face,a reminder of the pain...it can last you half a lifetime.
好啦喎!你唔好再咁靚仔啦喎!
下次你面對恐懼既時候，試下唔好react住，笑左先，感覺會好好多。
寶劍鋒從磨礪出，梅花香自苦寒來。
好的男人不是在100蚊財產拿出10蚊給女人，而是在僅有的10蚊財產中拿出9蚊給女人的人。
 幾耐未試過咁開心？28號到宜家 3日了
男人就好似canteen入面既頹飯，雖然難食，但遲左去居然都會賣哂!
難食點解要勉強自己食？仲要傻到去羨慕買到頹飯既朋友..喂!今日起同自己講"我唔要食頹飯!!"
 o my god..
 em..兩日？
單身裝備自己，等待真命天子到臨，更好。
每個人一定有著某些最不願告訴人的東西深埋在心中，這是與旁人毫無關係，也不會有關於她個人的道德。
寧願像未夠班身份証繼續查 亦無需假裝正常人家 未任性夠就老化
Sweet,sweet,sweet.
 對，但我相信不是所有都會離去。
造作的她又當主角，是榜樣就不要亂說話。
點解要攪到咁複雜？寫你就睇啦！
Don't think,just carry on,carry on,carry on..
'......etc.,ect.'
'No.Can't you see that even to say etcetera is monstrous?Etcetera is what the Nazis would have said.'
唉 同你講都哂氣
To live regularly.
嘖
'Remember when I told you that you were the fairest?I lied!'
