整身发冷
头酸
RT : OOTD OOTN HCNY COUSINS everywhere.
Wedding dress
Wrecking ball
RT : Never give up on something you really want.
RT : 样衰怎样拍都不好看-_-
RT : 唉 买一架iphone5s 安慰自己吧 -.-
RT : Open instagram
OOTD
OOTD
CNY GOODIES
OOTD
OOTD
OOTD
RANDOM BABY COUSIN
OOTD
OOTD
RT : :) 
RT : 赌钱应很多钱却不见了电话 :(
RT : 托你們的孔明燈 讓我許願 please
RT : HIS FACE 
RT : MIDNIGHT MEMORIES IN 4 HOURS
RT : Petrol ads: 回顧過去 活在當下 展望未來
RT : Chen always here whenever the other members cried ♥ 
变态你妹妹？
Let it go..let it go
Katy perry:unconditional
RT : When i hear you name and it tears me up.
RT : Legs a little too pain 😣
统一快到了
RT : All are spamer ~~
RT : The only time KL traffic will be smooth is during Hari Raya, Deepavali or CNY cause everyone balik kampung.
好久没开instagram了
忘记密码了
Instagram开不到
RT : I am not regret, im just afraid that YOU get to regret :o
👇👇nobody cares👇👇
👆👆this people no brain👆👆
RT : 电话不见了 -.-
RT : When a form2 student looks like form5 .-. Huhuhehehehohohihihihahaha.
RT : It's not about who hurt you and broke you down, it's about who was always there and made you smile again.
即使你从零开始，你也不是原来的零了。
让自己忙一点，忙到没有时间去思考无关紧要的事，很多事就这样悄悄地淡忘了。
缘份是不用刻意安排的.. 如果你和他/她真的有缘，就算你坐着什么都不做，他还是会找到你。
我真的無心傷害你们
放烟火放到很累
幻想，希望和他/她在一起是一回事；现实生活上在一起又是另一回事。
朋友批评我，家人批评我，亲戚批评我，都算了。为什么连我自己都批评我自己？
明明不是陌生人，却装的比陌生人还要陌生。
RT : 我宁愿爱上一个我不能拥有的人，也不想拥有一个我无法爱上的人。
RT : 不可能发生的事，往往都只能在我们脑海里自己拼造出来。
RT : “为什么选择我？”
“这个问题的答案很长，我需要用一生的时间来回答你！”
RT : 一个人最幸福的时刻，就是找对了人，他宠着你，纵容你的习惯，并爱着你的一切。
RT : 朋友眼里的我是疯的，是闹的；
同学眼中的我，是乐天的；
陌生人眼中的我，是活泼的；
你眼中的我是温柔，没有伤的；
镜子里的我，是哭红双眼的
有时我真的好羡慕好羡慕那些有被在乎的人。
RT : 当我对你越来越有礼貌时，就也意味着我们也许越来越陌生了。
想放下时, 却怎么也忘不了。想继续时, 却找不回曾有的勇气。
你若重要，他自会想办法留住你。
好久没生病了
RT : 新的一年了，长大了，却还是没法让自己快乐。
RT : Crayonpop沒帶安全帽不是美咯 😋
RT : i will wear everything with hello kitty design when im at exo concert cos 99% sure luhan will notice me
RT : “: [OFFICIAL]140131 #LUHAN WEIBO DP UPDATE - Wii ”
看似很成熟 帥死了啊啊啊啊
Ootd
RT : 錢不是重點 熱鬧才好
This year de Chinese New Year damn boring
Chat with cousin
RT : fucked up family I have
 bojio
会房去
Last time go viva mall d doraemon 
RT : VEVO, WE ARE READY 
Tweet tweet一下就10。7K了
好快。。
吃了很多药丸💊
爷爷 奶奶 健康长寿
明天要穿什么衣服去拜年？
感受台湾
好多星星
陪亲戚们看新闻
恭喜发财
还没回复我，应该是电话没钱了
发烧发烧
一直流鼻水
RT : I WANT TO SLEEP !!!
RT : 啊啊啊 还没有开始筹款啊
Cannot drinks cold drinks
RT : ": 再爱你的人也会骂你 不爱你的人永远懒得骂你."
RT : running man on393
RT : Finnally got dataTT
总算推烧了1度
发烧 37。5度
全身无力
整身好酸
咳嗽好辛苦
后天才回Johor
7吊
所谓的赌神就在我隔壁
去年输了30多块
今年超幸运的嘛
RT : sh 我睡觉你做莫打来 mcb
赌神
赢了55块
RT : I never beer-ed or gambled in new year. Lol. Haha
要死阿
RT : 我会是白手起家的legend . 👹
看人家洗澡
They wan to go beach..
 haha
RT : 我想打球 =.=
RT : Life without you, im not happy.
RT : Forgot what cartoon is this... 
RT : ❤️ 
RT : "越大越美哦你 有男朋友了嘛 ?" .......... 可以换下对白嘛 = =
7 tired ohh
Wake up le
RT : 拿了人家红包还要叫人捐钱 ...真的是wtf的感觉
RT : OH YOU KNOW WHAT? TBH. NO ONE GIVES A SHIT.
RT : HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH OH THAT PIC JUST MADE MY DAY
RT : LET IT GO. LET IT GO. CAN'T HOLD IT BACK ANYMORE *farts*
RT : 今晚賭博就叫他們捐錢😠😠
My cousin 7 sohai
Eat le many thgs
RT : The best relationships are the ones that you never expected to be in.
在等他回复我
 yaaa
RT : Smoking hot
Hot day
RT : 我有史以來最佩服自己的一件事 嚥下一大堆話 然後說個"嗯"  心要無奈到什麼程度 才會這麼做
RT : 我這個人佔有欲太強 又愛瞎想 說話很直 不太討喜  我只會這樣 也只能這樣  喜歡也好不接受也罷 我從來沒想過為自己 披上虛偽的外殼
RT : 大道理 我懂 安慰人 我在行  可是當事情 發生在自己身上 就顯得不知所措  知道每個人都會離開 卻還是難免失落  知道下一個總是會更好 卻還是難免傷心  我安慰了這麼多人 卻安慰不了自己
RT : Make no apologies for your personality.
RT : 疼嗎 疼也不要說  有事自己扛 別人不是你 不會懂你
RT : 我不喜歡別人帶著目的接近我 儘管我並沒有什麼利用價值  我不是怕你利用我做了什麼 而是我怕自己用心對待你後 卻他媽的發現你根本沒有心 Photo
RT : 我很粗魯 滿口粗話  人還不怎麼禮貌  我看起來應該會比那些 嗲聲嗲氣的做作女 還要真才對  可是 就是有人偏偏喜歡 那些滿腹心機的做作女  沒辦法  誰叫我這樣一個純真的人類 道行不夠她們的高
RT : 現在的我明白了 只要自己不願意 就沒有人可以傷得了我  以前你傷得我千瘡百孔 那是因為我給了你機會  但是從現在開始 我不會給你機會  我會將你射來的箭 慢慢一支支射回給你
RT : 我這人就是這脾氣  只要別人不理我的 我不會再硬著臉皮去打擾  你的態度決定我的態度 你若對我沉默 我也對你冷漠 Photo
RT : 自己身上的痛 別指望別人能理解  自己慘痛的故事 別指望別人會去聽  因為那終究 是你自己的感覺與經歷  被刀刺的又不是你們 痛和流血的感覺只有我記得
RT : How can steve nash leave &amp; kobe injured at the same damm time
RT : 難過夠了 就記得要站起來 知道麼 別一天到晚的自怨自艾  你頹廢給誰看 他 還是她  問問自己吧 人家有在乎過嗎
希望今年的红包比去年多 ︶︿︶♥
RT : Puppy riding a dolphin!!! 
RT : This is so confused omg make up your damm mind
RT : Can't go wrong with this #bold #glittery cat #eye by May Adel! Learn how to make it yours:  http://t.…
RT : Hot day!
RT : back from cinema
RT : 学生和老师是人鬼殊途
RT : 彻底失忆
RT : 生活是未来式的
RT : 梦境越深，痛楚越弱
子乔xD爱情公寓xD
我认真，我很内疚
RT : 今天没有感觉
RT : 地球是你们的，我是奥特曼
RT : fb- 我like的不一定是喜欢的
不like的更不用说了
RT : 在寻找快乐的理由
RT : 幸福的大道上经常堵车，因为赶路的人太多了
RT : Nice 
Non stop coughing
RT : ": 谢芷萱梁嘉恩王俞桦刘子绮侯馨丽曾千菱颜伟豪吴荣惠林家羽..新年快乐我爱你们啊哈哈哈XDD"发神经的李妍琳
RT : ": 新年做低頭族 tiu.."
RT : ": 年初一 好多人穿裙子哟~ ^_^" 是诶 我也是穿着 哈哈
RT : 新年快乐。 
RT : DO KYUNGSOO ♡.♡ 
RT : CUTEEEEEEE T^T 
RT : I really don't care about a lot of things, but when I do care, I care too much.
RT : You look so pretty and fresh
Laft 
RT : 现在的新年，和以前不一样了。
不再像以前一样兴奋得睡不着，
不再和表妹一天到晚腻在一块玩，
不再因一点小事就笑得咔咔声，
我们都长大了，一切都不一样了，
取代的是一部电话，或是平板电脑，
游戏很好玩，但人与人的距离，远了。
如果时间能倒流，我希望能回到以…
RT : "Luhan spotted walking at Beijing's street with a girl holding hands."

nope not believing in this crap
RT : Hey my girl! 
RT : Sleepy zzzz
I wan gamble
捞生
年初一我生病
Very noisy
Haha
RT : so proud of my flappy bird high score
Drinking chatime oso bojio
Eat Oreo mcflurry bojio
RT : A people had lost 54pounds without foods in 44days with only water with him.
RT : a boy with perfect side face. #KRIS 
WAtching insidious 2 with cousins
If it's meant to be, it will be.
Big things have small beginnings.
"I'm over you
Hardest thing in life, letting go of what you thought was real.
I'm not perfect. I'll annoy you, make fun of you, say stupid things, but you'll never find someone who loves you as much as I do.
I'm single because I take relationships seriously.
Trust God and everything will always turn out fine.
I'll always be there for you.
Mom, I do get angry with you sometimes but still I can't live without you.
Sometimes music is all you need to make you feel better..
Your laugh is the cutest thing.
We don't lose friends. We just learn who our real ones are.
The only reason why I get jealous is because remember we started off as friends too.
好一点了
RT : 赌博吧行吗
Dun reply me jiu Suan lo
10.6K le
RT : Absolutely 
Tired
RT : Magnificent . 
RT : 难道不开心要在脸上写给你看乜
RT : 难道你是传说中的千杯不醉！？
RT : 有点闷的初一
RT : I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. But that's only because I love you so much and I don't wanna lose y…
RT : No one wants to be treated like an option.
RT : 年初一可以睡午觉吗
RT : 很累eh
