許多疾病，以及苦毒和驕傲的醜陋，都與恐懼和憤怒的情緒有關。這些負面的態度嚴重的影響我們的身體，甚至到改變我們外貌的程度。
淘汰次等的快樂。
The road to God's kingdom is bumpy, I understand :)
我會獨自唱歌給那位欣賞我的 神聽。
當時，我的痛苦已經到達了極限，因此接下來只有兩條路可以走，一是自我了斷，二是讓某種全然不同的生活方式展示在眼前。
There are no walls.
Find your peace and you'll make your walls doors.
and if you haven't found that peace of knowing who you are and why you're here and where you're going when you're not here.
"The greatest two days in anyone's life -- The day you were born, and the day you knew why."
You gotta come to the truth of knowing who you are and why you're here.
Either choose to be angry with what I don't have, or be thankful for what I do have.
"‘I don’t waste energy feeling bad for myself. I surround myself with people I want to be with and I keep moving forward."
“Call to me and I will answer you and tell you great and unsearchable things you do not know” (Jeremiah 33:3).
But even if you fail, at least you did  something.
You've made brave choices so relentlessly. And we are better for it.
I believe that you can live a life that is pleasing to God making decisions that you are comfortable with, but that you can live a much mor
We all have different journeys to take with God. But our destiny is beautiful!
"Stand On Grace, Walk By Faith, Live In Love, Grace and peace be yours in abundance. 1 Peter 1:2"
"Know who has trouble saying 'I love you,' and let them show you, instead."
"Patience and practice will help you learn to tie your own shoes. They'll also help you do the other hard things you want to conquer."
"Offer your seat, your ball, your friends to the new kid."
Don't whine about it. Learn from it.
"Know that when you look away from the electronic screen, the most important connections to be made are all around you."
Do the work it takes to make a good life for yourself.
Write down birthdays.
Remember how good your life is.
Be light in your heart and steady on your feet.
learn tact.
漂泊是為了找一個陪你走到最後的人
RT : Dear God, if one day I lose my hope and purpose, give me confidence that your destiny is better than anything I ever dreamed.
RT : The professing Christian who shows no progress in sanctification &amp; rarely bears fruit worthy of repentance should be concer…
Also I received blessings in friendship God has granted me two new friends
Sometimes God’s ideas seem crazy to me, but I guess I am in for the ride.
So things are coming together, slowly but surely,
RT : Sometimes as much as you want to hold on to something you have to let it go, because God has something else better in store.
You taught my heart to sing.
"Look carefully at how you life! Live purposefully, not as the unwise but as wise, sensible, intelligent people."
Refusing to accept change doesn't mean that the pain of losing things you love will never start; it only means the pain will never stop.
有時候我們必須懂得自我幽默，自我打氣，讓自己可以得著更多激勵。這個社會有很多的負面，也有許多的壓力，耍賴皮、報怒氣或哭哭啼啼，都不能真正解決問題，也不能改變我們的際遇。保持正面、積極、輕鬆、喜樂、幽默的人生態度，反而可以增強我們的抗壓力與面對問題的耐力。
「喜樂的心乃是良藥；憂傷的靈使骨枯乾。」〈箴言17章22節〉 保羅也勉勵我們說：「你們要靠主常常喜樂。我再說，你們要喜樂。」〈腓立比書4章4節〉 幽默可以讓我們放鬆，喜樂可以加添我們的抗壓力與耐力。保持輕鬆、幽默、喜樂的心情，常給自己打打氣，我們的人生就會越來越有力。
RT : "How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world." #Shakespeare
RT : “Aim at Heaven and you will get Earth 'thrown in': aim at Earth and you will get neither.” #CSLewis
RT : "We do not want merely to see beauty, we want to become part of it" #CSLewis most beautiful video I've seen all year- htt…
RT : "If a man has stolen something from me, then before God I declare it a gift." #Tolkien (From a letter to #CSLewis)
RT : Very often the only way to get a quality is to start behaving as if you had it already. #CSLewis
RT : “It is not your business to succeed, but to do right. When you have done so the rest lies with God.” #CSLewis
RT : The story of Christ is simply a true myth: working on us in the same way as the others, with this tremendous difference, …
RT : "God has not been trying an experiment on my faith or love in order to find out their quality. He knew it already. It was…
Regrets everyfuckingwhere.
因為想法改變，環境雖然沒變，心情卻不再一樣了！
聖潔是美麗的、平靜的、爽快的、可愛的；它帶給我們難以形容的光明、平安和喜樂；換言之，聖潔使我們的心變成上帝的花園--裡面充滿了佳美的果子和花卉，享受著暖和的、活潑的陽光。--愛德華思（Jonathan Edwards）
The effort must be total for the result to be meaningful.
RT : For every struggle I endure I just have to thank God because, He is molding me to become the person I need to be.
"Rest deeply, for you will never find what you look for in all your desperate searching.
Sleep, dream, rest, and trust Me, and I will bring forth your deepest longing from your very side. "
RT : Judge your worth and value by what God says about you in His Word, not by how somebody else treats you. (Ephesians 2:4-10)
RT : No matter how hard they pinch you..keep dreaming.
RT : Faith never knows where it's being led, but it does know who is doing the leading.
Truly grateful and terribly happy
RT : For Christians, this life is as close to hell as we will get. For non-Christians, this life is as close to heaven as they w…
RT : Whatever you're doing, if you're not doing it for a great King, it's not that great.
RT : The bible is our map and heaven is our destination.
RT : Do not seek the world.
Seek Peace
Seek Truth
Seek Love
Seek Christ
RT : Heres the deal... Michigan State played to win and Ohio State played not to loose! You cant go out &amp; win a Championship…
RT : Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
RT : If life was perfect then we wouldn't have a desire to go to heaven. God gave us heaven to look forward to. Can't wait to live…
RT : God the Father lovingly adopts us as his sons and daughters through the work of our big brother Jesus.
RT : We must learn to leave the details to God. We need to focus on doing our best, and let Him handle the rest.
RT : Dare to trust God. He hasn't failed before, and He won't fail now.
RT : God is the reason why even in pain, I smile. In confusion, I understand. In betrayal, I trust. And in fear, I continue to pus…
RT : What to do when you don’t ‘feel’ God 
RT : Too often we spend all of our time seeking God for answers to our problems when what we should be doing is just seeking God.
RT : When God is all you have, then all you have is all you need.
RT : They can't drive you crazy if you don't give them the keys.
RT : God does not ask about our ability, but our availability.
RT : Don't worry; it never helps anything.
• Pray
• Trust God 
• Let it go
RT : Judge your worth and value by what God says about you in His Word, not by how somebody else treats you. (Ephesians 2:4-10)
RT : My prayer is to live out the purpose that God has for me.
"I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness."
RT : If someone wants you, nothing will keep them away, but if they don't want you, nothing will make them stay!
I like you because you act like yourself.
Truth, beauty, dignity, love, pleasure, and it's our job to hand those things out.
A gentle reminder to take care of yourself, love who you are, find your passion, find what makes u happy, spread love.
Focus on Jesus.
RT : God has a more awesome plan for your life than you could ever imagine simply because He loves you!
RT : If you have time to worry you have time to pray.
"In our lives we run into happiness every now and then but joy is a daily choice"....
勉強了味道就壞了
“Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer” (Romans 12:12). Those three things go together: hope, patience, prayer.
LOWERing my expectations.
packing and unpacking... story of my life.
農夫心得:

菜越修剪，長得越好！人也一樣，外在的艱難激發人奮發向上！
菜要疏枝，果要疏果，要捨得除掉生命中的雜質，才有更美好的人生!
不勤勞照顧你的菜，就被蟲吃了！不好好看顧你的產業，也會被仇敵吞吃!
菜越修剪，長得越好！人也一樣，外在的艱難激發人奮發向上！
菜要疏枝，果要疏果，要捨得除掉生命中的雜質，才有更美好的人生!
不勤勞照顧你的菜，就被蟲吃了！不好好看顧你的產業，也會被仇敵吞吃!
RT : I don't have to know all the answers. I just have to know that God knows,that he's
good and that he loves me.
Philip 4:19
Philip 4:11
親愛的兄弟阿，我願你凡事興盛，身體健壯，正如你的靈魂興盛一樣。
人的本質有靈、魂、體三種成份。一般人看重的次序常是-身心靈，但事實上靈才是最重要的。人的靈若不能發揮其功能，就會影響體與魂的正常運作。靈魂興盛，身體就健壯；而一個靈魂體都健壯的人，自然凡事都興盛亨通，所以要好好餵養顧惜我們的靈！
丈夫也只是人生旅程中的一個伴侶，沒什麼了不起的，神才是我們一生的全部，決定我們將來在天上永世裡要如何過得喜樂、豐盛的是妳在地上與耶穌有多親密的関係。
 好好的為主、為自己而活吧！當妳越不在乎的事，仇敵就沒法再攻擊妳了。
 願 神的愛火時時地充滿妳、渴慕愛耶穌為祂而活的心在妳的裡面
為了讓你學到謙卑，祂允許你受挫折；
為了增長你的智慧，祂允許你受蒙騙；
為了使你更加堅強，祂允許你受傷害；
為了磨練你的人格，祂允許你受委屈；
為了提醒你的缺點，祂允許你受打擊；
為了教你懂得珍惜，祂允許你失去；
為了強化你的雙腿，祂允許你絆倒；
為了讓你真正覺醒，祂允許你受苦；
為了讓你永受祝福，祂甘願犧牲一切。
RT : It's human nature to wonder if your future will be okay.. but instead of worrying just pray.. and do your best everyday. #God…
RT : And He said. "Your faith has made you well; go in peace." -Luke 8:48
RT : What we are is God's gift to us.  What we become is our gift to God.  -Eleanor Powell
"RickWarren: God doesn't expect me to know it all, have it all, or do it all. He just wants me to trust him through it all."
別人怎麼看 別人怎麼說
那是別人的事

我們只需看好自己的心
管好自己的嘴 做好自己的事

其他的都是小事
"thankfully I've spent those 20 years eating and drinking nice things, not just raw vegetables!"
RT : Dear God, I've tried my best but if today I lose hope, please tell me that your plans are better than my dreams.
親愛的，至於你們，要在至聖的真道上造就自己，藉著聖靈禱告， 保守自己常在上帝的愛中，仰望我們主耶穌基督的憐憫，進入永生。
u've got the chance of a lifetime to have nothing to do all day but study God's Word; expect big things from God. hold NOTHING back.
You have to do the best with what God gave you.
wait, renew, soar
聖經輔導的異象，就是要用上帝的話來勸勉人。帶領人認識上帝的公義與聖潔的性情，明白上帝救贖的恩典，且能因著信心與耶穌基督相連，過著克服罪惡，安慰憂傷，忍受苦難，學會盼望，懂得愛人的生活。
一杯清澈的水，不停地搖晃，它不會清澈；一杯渾濁的水，不去搖晃它，會自然清澈。
心亦如此！如總搖晃不停，會處於混亂狀態，每天給自己一點時間沉澱，和自己溝通，這樣你的心會相對清靜，不再那麼煩躁。
上帝的功課需要用眼淚完成……但眼淚中總不失去盼望。凡流淚撒種的，必歡呼收割。
She got a passport and started seeing the world.
因為主不會挪走我們生命中的難處，祂知道最好的海軍決不是在湖泊裡或河川中訓練出來的。難處常是最好的教材，因信心既被試驗，就比那被火試驗仍然能壞的金子更顯寶貴 (彼前一7a)，唯有通過海上暴風雨的考驗，才能產生經驗老到的好手。
我們做我們的部分，神會做祂的部份。we do our part, and God will do His part.
Father I hold tight to Your truth and trust You to work in my life.
Rejoice, the future is full of promise.
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God. –Corrie ten Boom, author
Lord, thank You for the many ways in which I may lift my heart and spirit through prayer.
Father, may my prayers for others be as constant and natural as breathing.
suffering produces character, and character produces hope, and hope does not disappoint us.
Be patient, have faith and work towards what you desire.
每個人生當中，都有一個試驗的時刻， 神會帶領你到一個枯水期，經歷只剩下自己的心痛與孤寂。這時，你仍然要感謝讚美 神， 神就為你在曠野開道路，提升你突破障礙，到一個嶄新的境界
Prayer is the exercise of drawing on the grace of God. –Oswald Chambers, author and evangelist
Let gratitude b the pillow upon which u kneel to say ur nightly prayer.And let faith be the bridge u build to overcome evil + welcome good.
I just woke up. swollen face. btw good morning :^)
RT : When fear knocks; let faith answer the door! #RobinRoberts #ESPYS what a lady!
Worshiping God anyway, all the way, every day.
RT : “Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.” –Corrie ten Boom
RT : The aim of our charge is love that issues from a pure heart and a good conscience and a sincere faith. -1 Timothy 1:5
Then you will look and be radiant, your heart will throb and swell with joy;
the wealth on the seas will be brought to you, to you the riches of the nations will come. Isaiah 60:5
『你們的天父原知道你們需要這一切。但你們要先尋求祂的國和祂的義，這一切就都要加給你們了。』（馬太福音6:32-33）
不要介意，這樣很舒服〜
Dear friend, I pray that you may enjoy good health and that all may go well with you, even as your soul is getting along well.3 John 1:2 NIV
I can do all this through him who gives me strength. (Philippians 4:13 NIV)
主怎麼說我就怎麼做
我要做好土
Ephesians 3:20-21
Have faith
耶和華是我的牧者，我必不致缺乏。
把心裡清理乾淨，領受 神。
Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind.
Then you will be able to test and approve what God’s will is—his good, pleasing and perfect will. (Romans 12:2 NIV
不要效法這個世界，只要心意更新而變化，叫你們察驗何為上帝的善良、純全、可喜悅的旨意。 (羅馬書 12:2 RCUV)
親愛的，我願你事事安寧，身體健康，正如你的心神安寧一樣。 (約翰三書 1:2 RCUV)
Dear friend, I pray that you may enjoy good health and that all may go well with you, even as your soul is getting along well. 3 John 1:2
Live in harmony with one another. Do not be proud, but be willing to associate with people of low position. Do not be conceited.Romans 12:16
Bless those who persecute you; bless and do not curse. (Romans 12:14 NIV)
Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer. (Romans 12:12 NIV)
別焦慮，別憂傷，別擔心，因為 主掌權。Don't panic, cuz God reigns. Be submissive. 順服. The Gospel of John: 11:35.
"where God guides, God provides."
有時“喜樂”是一種選擇，不因外在環境如何……當願意相信，接受、給予，會發現“喜樂”已經住在心裡了～基督徒的人生應當是不斷凡事感恩，靠主常樂的人生；不但在平安、順利、蒙福時是這樣，而在危險、挫折、磨難時也是這樣。

『你們要靠主常常喜樂。我再說，你們要喜樂。』（腓 4:4）
Friendship is often tested by separation and silence.
My heavenly Father, from Whom I have received every good and perfect gift, Thank You.
Take delight in the Lord, and he will give you the desires of your heart. (Psalm 37:4 NIV)
如果我們癲狂，是為上帝；如果我們清醒，是為你們。 (哥林多後書 5:13 RCUV)
This deep and intimate relationship with God must be sought after, prayed for, nurtured and treasured.
主啊，求祢賜給我智慧，讓我了解祢的心意。
須忍耐等候，但值得等候。
心有多寬廣，生命就有多寬廣。
A larger heart, a larger life.
Navigate
但你這屬上帝的人哪，要逃避這些事；要追求公義、敬虔、信心、愛心、忍耐、溫柔。 (提摩太前書 6:11 RCUV)
But you, man of God, flee from all this, and pursue righteousness, godliness, faith, love, endurance and gentleness. (提摩太前書 6:11 RCUV)
在福音裡面要有靈恩，在靈恩裡面要有福音。
憐憫貧寒人的，就是借給耶和華， 他的報償，耶和華必歸還他。 (箴言 19:17 RCUV)
Lord, help me to remember that I can't always fix things, help me to always put my trust in You.
RT : Some people waste time, some spend it, but the wisest people invest it.
葡萄若不經過壓榨、沈澱，和時間的醞釀，就無法變成香醇美酒，你曾經經歷的痛苦也是一種淬煉，能讓你的生命更有滋味啊！
Start now to be the one you have always wanted to be in the future.
分享愛與勇氣，讓每天的生活，都活得淋漓盡致！
感恩歸上帝，榮耀歸別人，喜樂歸自己。
RT : A longing for something greater, purer, higher than anything this world can provide (a holy discontent) is an evidence of t…
RT : The closer we are to any given point, the greater and clearer our view. Distance yourself from the world's attractions. Dra…
thoroughly equipped
Faith is the root of all blessings. Believe, and you shall be saved. –Jeremy Taylor, 17th century author
溫柔
when you've got nothing, you've got nothing to lose.
Heavenly Father, please help me face each day with grace and appreciation for the blessings of Your love.
Have great hopes and dare to go all out for them.
If you can't be thankful for what you receive, be thankful for what you escape. –Anonymous
Help me always, God, to hear Your voice deep in my heart, guiding me.
God, You made me flexible so that I can bend. I must remember: Thy will, not mine.
Father, be present with us, our steady Guide, pointing out the way You want us to go.
Do unto others with a larger heart.
Lord, hold onto me as I go forward with faith in You.
Faith draws the poison from every grief, takes the sting from every loss, and quenches the fire of every pain; and only faith can do it. J.
Help me to trust You in all things, Lord, and to leave the results to You.
Take time today to nourish your soul with beauty and silence.
Dear Lord, help me to stretch beyond what is comfortable. Help me to be my best.
