扫毒 jeng (y)
Pokok! Happy Chinese New Year  yoo ! :D 
All my uncles aunties bought iphone 5s -.- Okayh lor.
Watching 扫毒 with relatives and cousins,but seem tht they are more interested in tht Agua more than the story line.Hahahaha
  IKR ? ):
   /_\
请你回答我，我已经在帮你了!
Darn lol !
Yea,touched (:
  luckily i forgot my password,so i didnt.
Homeworkssss againnnnn !
RT : #TheseDamnQuote 
  Wah,accidentally clicked into what website huh.Kayhh.
  hooray Mr Ng ♥
 Whats tht?i cnt click in and see .
RT : Best foods to eat for breakfast:  
RT : Sometimes the person who made you stronger, is also your greatest weakness.
RT : Never expect, never assume, never ask, and never demand. Just let it be. Because if it's meant to be, it will be.
You gotta hear me roar .
RT : #TheseDamnQuote 
RT : The truth hurts, but lies are worse.
 change what?u tell me larh,im so headache because this nw ..
RT : Awesome Click... 
Annoying !! so many activities for what,lol.I dontwant to rearrange my time table again and again.
Never thought Mr Ng allowed us to sleep few minutes before he starts his teaching.S good :目
Finally recovered ! Well,i need good food now !hahaha
Oh dear,im so touched..thankyou (':
 aiyoryor,faster do lar haha
RT : Always be thankful for everything you have.
RT : waking up 
RT : Too bored to do nothing.

Too lazy to do anything.
Finished homeworks !HOORAY XD
Midnight bath.HoHo
   ennor.where?o:
Blackout while kbox Hahaha .What a great bday celebration for u ,John :p
Never thought u are a gay !OMGGGGGG
RT : Take your age and add 5 to it. That is your age in 5 years.
Just tell me how to relax myself .
Worst feeling ever.
 :(
 problem?hahaha
Got a race with doggie,i won him!hahahahahha.:p
I hate the feeling when I'm the agent and it happened twiceee twiceee !
Im just want to say let's close our eyes,but i accidentally said let's put our hands together.omg,so awkward ..
A dream is just a dream..
Im really scare when someone requested to ask a question frm me ._.
Finally is Friday ..
RT : Do what makes you happy, be with someone who makes you smile, laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
 oh no oh no O: who?
 got who got who?
Omgawdddd,bleedingggggg!Darn
Words of the day ! ©Thennn
Gosh,the handmade file wasted my time Zz
 who?hahahaha
 can gua.hahaha
RT : It's funny how I'm good at giving advice to others, but when it comes to helping myself, I don't know what to do.
 come larhhhh :)  finished :) chemi i tarak do lea ._.
 Oh.
 Dont jealousu wanna come?:D i also donno lea ._.
 What are u talking about? lol
Ish,if like just go ahead,lol --
 wear our couple t ! this yr we havent buy couple t lea.haha
Awesome badminton and captain ball day ! Healthy lifestyle although just once a week.Hahaha  XD
 Hate you larh,farewell also tarak tell me ): i also miss you,next time i need solo to church again le /:
The worst worst worst video i've watched LOL stupid indeed
 I know righttt,will miss you TT
Yor,dont like that larh ..
Stupid  used my acct to tweet,but i really will miss you ):
RT : Please dont leave me 
RT : Love you 
pls dont go   ♥
i miss  very much. ♥
RT : Twitter Bird! 
RT : Stop looking for reasons to be unhappy. Focus on the things you do have, and the reasons you should be happy.
RT : When you care less, you're happier.
Dont trust words,trust actions !
RT : I'm fine. Thanks for not asking.
Okayhhhhhh,I'm a girllll girllll girllllll
RT : EVERYONE STOP WHAT YOU'RE DOING. IT'S A DOG IN PAJAMAS 
Solo again Hmmmm
The funniest captain ball ever.Hahaha .Pretended balloon is captain ball,thts so freaking crazy indeed.Haha
Captain ball with cheat ! lol,first time x)
Just feeling happy today !
What?Haker?!
 HAHA
  Im not sure :p
Well, i met my favourite primary tuition teacher todayyy :D
RT : Can I tweet for you? 
RT : Gimme 
  Ceyhhh,are u sure thts me ? ):
  u two tarak miss me  ): hahahha
Gathering dayyy !
Oh dear ,dont be lonely .
Once upon a time.
 酱又是的赫赫
 不要这样，我害羞 :$
   hehe,sry for late :p
  should be hand-made shirt nehh.haha
Its show time .
  saya this teenager donno old ladies sedang cakap apa._.
 IKR?hahaha
RT : Christmas in Quebec, Canada 
RT : So Cute 
 Isit? (:
RT : 
We look like Sakai ... 
I dont really know how to read your mind ...been fooled by you.Oh dear.
 Double bells,double bells,double all the wayyyy
 C'mon,every christmas i also jio u go church .Hehehehe
 Yeaaa,im vry happyyy
 Actually me also vry boring nw ._.
 How onky nt fu hin u ? -.-
 Awww □□□
 watermelon marhhh □■□
 WATERMELON :D
 Awww,watermelon here?? o:
 Hahahahah. Nehhnehh :p
 turkey lar,not chicken :p
 go buy urselfffff.heheehhee :p
Guys,try out 2012 BunnyLimpics_volleyball .com . SO CUTEE AND AWESOME.XD
Okayh , let's play  ! Nyehehehe
Just love my grandmom,seriously  :) ♥
RT : "You're like a coin." "Awwww, valuable?" "No, two faced"
I dont understand why everyone havent wake up yet,heyyyyyy,today is christmas eve /_\
RT : "I am fine," doesn't usually mean that at all.
RT : Gotta stay warm in the snow! 
Merry Christmas Eveeeee !♥♡★☆※†
Turkey Turkey Nighttttttt ♥♡♥
 harh?eyos?
 who do u think ? -_-
207 photos in our conversation... (:
Just wait and see .
Got a happy day,but got many ugly ones.GWADDD DARNNN
Sausage cake?OMG
 ehyh,seriously i donno punya.But because i plyed tht game before marh.ahahah.
 EH,smtg like two.person share eating rocky?HAHAHA
RT : Me: I am actually so happy with my life right now for once.

 Life: Lol, hold on.
 Ehyh?got ply games one ar? o.o what games?hhaha
 Okayh okayh lo,got record huh?hehe
 Guan lei meh shi lar -.- btw,how's ytd?ahah
 Mind your business?ahahhaahah
HHAHAHAHAHA.i cant stop laughing at tht XD
RT : In a close conversation... 
RT : Cute Puppy 
RT : Don't trust words, trust actions.
RT : A dream is just a dream till it comes true.
 cheh,u and lmm go larh,u also knw them edi narhh(:
 my grandpa's bday
我的眼睛流汗
 haha,i scare i tarak go this sunday lea..
 then u tak mau go lurh.haha
RT : A piglet wearing a sweater and booties taking a nap.. 
RT : A staircase of an abandoned palace, Poland 
RT : It is what it is. Accept it and move on.
 Haha,got the same condition woth you ,take caree x)
sadness is sleepless night...
Sin yee,I'm sorry.
 Haha,thankyouuuu.you too ! ((:
Almost 10am,but im still at home.omgomgomgomgggggggggg.DADDDDDDDDDDYYYYY???!!
Pleaseeeeeeeeeee
Didnt got my MONSTER BURGERR today XDD 
 still got long time to go /_\
 Dnt fatt hao,i got say u mea?ahahha,remember fetch me go gai gai if u can drive later :p
Awwww,thankyou,u are so talented :*
Nahh,i dontwant to go caroling :p
Just read read read read read read.
 welcome
 thnks
Tomorrow is the day....well....
RT : my shower = 24 mins

4 mins = wash and rinse body

20 mins = reflection and deep thoughts about the origin of life and…
@ziaadaasupermanLol,yeah.My mind is just vry simple,so u are ny ji mui lor.hehe :)
 soooo complicated ._. why lea?haah
   why? -.-
 yer ♥
 Darn u -.-
Dating? HAHAHA ♥
 yeaaa.agree.haha
请三思而后行啊....
 i dont really like che che x(
 im ur heng dai,u are my ji mui .nyehehhe
 Hahaha,chill and cheer dood.hou ji mui sure pretty one.hehe
RT : Never give up. Find a way to make it happen.
 Plastic bag pleaseeeeeeeee!  :p
Hope my dreams are sweeter than my day :) Goodnight..
 leng gong,admit larrr.ahahahha X
 at least im younger than u :p
 佳达爷爷
 彼此彼此，祖先。
 我老了，受不了 xD
 没有了，老妈搞定她了，我不要啦，超龄。赫赫
 书都买了，学费给了，现在才说不读了 -_-
 我知道啦，她自己要的，不过现在给我妈吗妈说服成功，浪费了入学费了..
  I saw thid tooo.hahaha
 hehe ♥
Girls are complicated,because boys are flower heart big carrot.
I dont want to let u know kayh?
 数学更加糟糕，才初中一就学我们初中三的了.....
 太深奥了
我看了妹妹上独中的历史书，我愣住了......
