. 微信 has so much! Walkie Talkie, scan QR code to follow friends, SKYPE type phone service, record voicemails sent by text AMAZING!
Our 6y/o likes Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 忍者神龟 Rěnzhě shén guī or "Ninja Turtle Gods" I prefer the Chinese name. 
Did you see this guy? "Dartmouth College Mandarin Student Dances 100 Days Across China" 
INFOGRAPHIC: This is toooooo cool! "A 200-Year Look At Automation And How It Has Improved Our Lives" | Cool stuff 
Probably the best potholes comic I've seen in a while! How many of you have felt this way recently? by Gary Varvel 
Spread the word! This is 1 way to get to China! "20 Scholarships to Get You to China" | Project Pengyou 
Ask yourself: What is the optimal level of pollution? What is the optimal level of crime? relative to a clean environment and freedom.
Important for everyone to read: "7 Crippling Parenting Behaviors That Keep Children From Growing Into Leaders" Forbes 
Amazing: Democrats won't accept Chris Christie not knowing about the GWB gate, but accept that Obama didn't know about NSA, Benghazi etc etc
NFL game ads: TWO BROKE GIRLS 破产姐妹 Pòchǎn jiěmèi or BANKRUPTCY GIRLS. Our 6y/o said in Chinglish, "Those girls are 笨笨 Bèn bèn (Stupid)."
We really needed to research this? Isn't it obvious? "Babies DO fake cry to get attention according to research" 
If anyone believes in Global Warming... please read this. "Even The UN Admits Climate Change is Back Door Socialism" 
Our 6y/o turning up the NFL NOISE tweet: Should be "Dad, can you turn the volume up? 能不能把声音打开来? Néng bùnéng bǎ shēngyīn dǎkāi lái?"
Introducing the Cloning Factories of China: "China cloning on an 'industrial scale"  If it tastes good, clone it.
During an NFL game and commercials I muted the TV. Finally our 6y/o asked, "Dad, can you turn the noise back on? 爸爸，能不能把噪音开开来?"
American kids of the 21st century.  School kids asking about a test or what? #teacher #teaching #edtech #k12 #stem
Joke Punchline: Taliban wondered what happened. Finds wounded Taliban solider: "Don't send anymoree! It's a trap there is really 2 of them!"
And our school has 2 missing laptops! "Public schools employee charged after 1,200 stolen laptops found in home" 
Our 6y/o told us: "Nǎinai (Grandma) always says, 'Don't let the spider get you!' 奶奶老是说，‘不要让蜘蛛抓住你!" Then she tickles him.
Stuff My Dad Sends Me on Email: "The Book is Not Dead" [infographic]  "Co-existence is more likely than conquest."
Stuff My Mom Sends Over Email: If only my kitchen looked like that... UGH! "30 Minute Easy Kitchen Makeovers" 
Get ready USA! Steamed buns and a cup of coffee is coming! "China’s Goubuli Buying What US Coffee Chain?" WSJ 
Dear @Cocacola  Save money this Super Bowl 2014 and use this ad. It's AWESOME! "Coca Cola Life - Ser Padres" 
We're teaching our 1y/o to bite 咬 yǎo her food. I said 要 yào which is wrong. At dinner our 6y/o corrected me. "Dad, it's 咬不是要 yǎo not yào."
"Pledge of Allegiance in American Schools in 2014"  Sad state of affairs when the kids don't even care.
If you've never heard of William Wilberforce, read this. "The Man Who Spent His Life Sinking Slave Ships" 
So many good questions about this topic that President Obama speaks of. "More questions for redistributionists" 
Who knew Chewie was on Twitter? But he doesn't tweet, he roars. "Chewbacca tweets great old 'Star Wars' photos" 
Great series. Good male friends and homosexuality are very different. "ADVICE TO MY SON: THE FOES OF FRIENDSHIP I"  
Nasty things and they are so close to your mouth. UGH. "Smartphone apps multiply, but so do germs" 
After school 1 day our 6y/o told us in gym he learned the "egg roll." At a Chinese immersion school and he learned the "egg roll." Clever.
YUCK of the DAY: "Lauren Harrington-Cooper and Other Teachers Arrested for Sex Crimes"   What's with the lunch lady!?
Spengler » Common Traits Bind Jews and Chinese  "Chinese and Jews have the ability to rise above ethnic conflicts."
Just started THE ULTIMATE RESOURCE by Julian Simon. Recommended by @cafehayek It's already blowing my mind. 
After New Year return to school saying 好久不见 Hǎojiǔ bùjiàn Long Time No See! Our 6y/o: "I said 'No Time Long See' but he didn't understand."
Showering, our 6y/o used Chinglish with MX. He 1 upped his mommy and asked her, "Wanna see something more 厉害er? (Lìhài = amazing)"
You'll be the life of the party, or you'll have wet shoes. "How to open a bottle of wine - without a corkscrew" 
STUFF MY SISTER MIGHT LIKE: Kung Fu-Appalachian Avant Folk-Rock "The Wu-Force: Fusing the Sounds of China and US 
Our 1y/o was loudly cooking on her new play kitchen. Our 6y/o said, "Ruthie! You are the loudest cooker in the world! 妹妹！你是世界上最吵的厨师!"
"Food banks, Salvation Army &amp; other charities aren't replacements for the federal govt."  He admits gov't is charity.
CLASSIC! Obama appoints $7,000 donor/Civil Rights Division lawyer to head the IRS harassing Tea Party investigation! 
Burns me up. Do a study on government workers. "For the First Time, the Majority of Congress Are Millionaires" TIME  
I didn't know this was even possible! "In pictures: Niagara Falls 尼加拉瀑布 Ní jiā lā pùbù freeze over on US side" 
Great line: 有福同享，有难同当！We'll stick together through thick and thin! "Speak Chinese Like a Gangster" - World of Chinese 
Congrats @milbank great column about Obama's economy! He owns the misery you describe. Yet you blame it on the GOP!? 
We already spent $20 trillion!? "LBJ Declared A War On Poverty In 1964, 50 Years Later Poverty Won" 
It's taken me FOREVER to get through this post! Good stuff! "Ed Tech And Activism Are Reinventing Education" FORBES 
Need a primer and refresher on the Health Care fight? Great piece. "Health Care Kinder, Gentler B4 Gov’t Stepped In" 
SOWELL on De Blasio: "Why it is necessary for those on the left to make up a lie if what they believe in is true?" 
Probably one of the funniest and most clever ads I've seen. A great message in today's world. "Paper is NOT dead" 
Our 6y/o's evening reading schedule: Thursday nights are USA 美国 Měiguó. We're reading "Last of the Mohicans 最后的莫希干人" 
TRUTH: If something can go wrong, it will go wrong, accept it."20 Things That Change After Living In China" 
Our 6y/o's evening reading schedule: Wednesday nights are business 商务 Shāngwù entrepreneurship 企业家 Qǐyè jiā inventions 各种发明 Gè zhǒng fāmíng.
Crying during the POLAR VORTEX!  Want to use it? Email me.
1st I saw  Somali Pirates Eradicated! How?  explains it was the Chinese.  Wow.
Father/CEO looking out window, arm around son, smokestacks in distance: "Someday son, all this will be China's." 
Evening reading schedule with our 6y/o. Tuesday nights are science 科学 Kēxué. We have tons of books and we'll just work through them 1 by 1.
Quick SURVEY: When was the last time you bought an LP (record)? When will tapes make a comeback? "The LP is Back!" 
Evening reading schedule with our 6y/o. Monday nights are comics 漫画 mànhuà! We're in the middle of Marvel's Captain America volume 1.
"20 Songs Turning 20 in 2014"  Introduced MX to Snoopdog's "Gin and Juice." In Chinese Gin is 杜松子酒 Juniper Berry Wine.
"Ruling aristocracy isn't solving problems ie balanced budget or healthcare. Instead they are creating dependence." 
The author will be in my local library in APRIL! "Chinese American Eye Surgeon Wrote WWII Novel on US Dixie Mission" 
Mx can't understand the Packers and 49ers fans in such cold temps. ME: They PAID to sit there and freeze! HER: 这么笨的美国人！Such dumb Americans.
Dear Steven Seagal, please run for PRESIDENT and beat up Al Qada! "Steven Seagal Says He Is Up For Arizona Governor" 
This is such a sad story. Read it with tissues. "In China, 1 in 5 children live in villages without their parents" 
Evening reading schedule with our 6y/o. Sunday nights are virtues 美德 měidé or morality 道德 dàodé from Bennett's book 
Want a laugh? This satire will put you in stitches "5 Economic Reforms Millennials Should Be Fighting For" 
New evening reading schedule with our 6y/o. Saturday nights will be Bible stories 圣经故事 Shèngjīng gùshì. Either English or Chinese or both.
Wow. These are amazing! "Crane Operator Takes Breathtaking Photos of Shanghai From 2,000 Feet High" 
"Political ignorance explains Americans' perpetual disappointment with politicians, and presidents especially..." 
We're trying a new evening reading schedule with our 6y/o. Friday nights will be Chinese! Tonight: 阿里巴巴和四十大盗 Alibaba and the 40 thieves!
MX wanted the 洗洁精 xǐ jié jīng dish detergent. I thought she said 习近平 Xíjìnpíng China's President. Our 6y/o laughed at my silly mistake.
MX said in Chinese, "Who is our family's cutest boy? 谁是我们家里最可爱的男孩？" Our 6y/o said in Chinglish, "I'm not cute I'm 帅哥 shuàigē handsome guy!"
PFC Hunter Taylor 101st Airborne Surprises Family At Blackhawks Game. The little brother is GREAT!  h/t 
We put up our @Mandarinposter in our 6y/o's bedroom. We're marking each one as he learns them. He'll be able to see his progress! LOVE IT!
Our 6y/o has an Arctic Batman 蝙蝠侠 Biānfú xiá and Aquaman 水行侠 Shuǐ xíng xiá LEGO set. Later he asked me where his Operaman 歌剧侠 Gējù xiá was.
Hitler didn't destroy democracy; he took advantage of its decay. He was strong "to get things done." -FA Hayek 
Started reading Hayek's "Road to Serfdom." Scary prescient little book. Many issues raised then are today's issues. 
Any Science Fiction fans out there? How about a change? "The Year in Chinese Science—And Science Fiction" Daily Beast 
Don't look down on these people! "1 Billion Stories 十亿人的故事： Take a Glimpse into 2 people who live in Shanghai" 
Obama's America: JUST SICK! "Officer who forced dozens of anal cavity searches for fun gets only 2 years in prison" 
Recent 6y/o questions: 1) Is Jesus real? 是不是真的有耶稣？2) Are oceans deeper than seas? 大洋是不是比大海深？My Question: Where do these questions come from?
While the kids waited in the car for us our 6y/o read a story to our 1y/o. Not in Chinese or English. He spoke "in baby language 用宝宝的语言."
Anybody notice the cool ornaments included on the tree? GO RED SOX! "Christmas Ornaments Made in China" 
Will I help elect more Democrats? Are you kidding me? How did OBAMA for AMERICA get my email address? Thanks NSA! Freaking jerks.
Going today to Brooklyn 布鲁克林 Bùlǔkè lín to see our 1y/o's namesake! She's lucky 88 years old. Also heading to Chinatown Queens for some 小笼包！
Christmas Day: Our 6y/o found a gift from 圣诞老人 Santa. He asked if WE had wrapped it up. He said, "I think you're tricking me. 我觉得你骗人."
Diagnosis: Don't take it to seriously, but take it seriously. "No, We're Not In New Cold War With Russia And China" 
Obama's America: Making the people suffer. "Electricity Prices Soar As Government Regulation Proliferates" 
3 kinds of people: 1 Make things happen. 2 watch things happen 3 ask: what the heck just happened? -Herman Cain from 
It's hilarious but so sad that people believe it will work. "Dr. Beller sums up Obamacare in A Single Sentence" 
Our 6y/o woke up Christmas Day to find a gift from 圣诞老人 Shèngdàn lǎorén Santa. It was Arctic Batman LEGO 乐高 Lègāo 
For the 4th year in a row @blurbbooks came through for the Christmas blog slurp book. It went over smashingly. People were engrossed!
After tucking her in I gave her a stuffed dog. Our 1y/o repeated after me "狗狗 Gǒu gǒu doggy. It sounded too much like older brother 哥哥 Gēgē！
I love the concept of MPU (Mindless Phone Usage). "1 Month with No Phone: How to Go Phoneless in a Major US City" 
The classic Christmas toy has changed to just dad's iPad. "Meet China’s Christmas elves" - Telegraph 
Merry Christmas! "US Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Censors Religious Messages on Children's Christmas Cards" 
Our 6y/o's Chinese prayer 3/3: 祷告不配奉主名求，阿门。dǎogào bùpèi fèng zhǔ míng qiú, āmén. Our request is unworthy but in the name of the Lord, Amen.
Our 6y/o's Chinese prayer 2/3: 让我们吃了身体健康，灵敏长进，Ràng wǒmen chīle shēntǐ jiànkāng, língmǐn zhǎngjìn, Help us grow healthy, sensitive in spirit.
Our 6y/o's Chinese prayer 1/3: 感谢上帝，赐给我们今天的饮食。Gǎnxiè shàngdì, cì gěi wǒmen jīntiān de yǐnshí. Thank you Lord, for giving us today's meal.
California's Avenal State Prison Dentist makes $621,971 a year! "10 Insanely Overpaid Public Employees"  #wtf
At the mall we saw our 6y/o's classmate at the Chinese school. I spoke in Chinese to him. He said to our 6y/o, "Your dad's Chinese too?!"
MX got decaf coffee  MX: "Tastes like 中药 Zhōngyào Traditional Chinese  Medicine (TCM)." Our 6y/o took a sip "对，是中药！It's TCM!"
"Chinese Government Recommends 'Idiot-Proof' Cellphones for Peasants"  Obama had a similar idea: Obamaphones!
"We’re poised to do really good things.” -Obama  Anytime a politician says this, locate your wallet and bury it.
Nobody read this cuz I'm trying all of these now! "How to make people like you: 6 science-based conversation hacks" 
Bound to be a new Christmas Classic! "All I Want for this Christmas season is an end to Quantitative Easing!" 
Mx sat in on our 6y/o's kindergarten class at school. She got a picture of their version of Frosty the Snowman: 胖胖的雪人 or "Fat Fat Snowman."
Q: Why do ducks have webbed feet?
A: To stamp out forest fires.
Q: Why do elephants have flat feet?
A: To stamp out burning ducks.
Funny. Too bad they don't mention It's a Wonderful Life. "10 Things You Never Knew about 10 Famous Christmas Movies" 
6y/o birthday gifts 3of3: Really cool way to learn electronics! Snap Circuits Jr. 单元电路学习玩具 Dānyuán diànlù xuéxí wánjù 
Dear Phil Robertson, Ditch A&amp;E. Take your family off that network and go ONLINE. You could reach so many more and have complete control. ME.
America 2013: TV Duck Dynasty star fired for his opinion on gays. Democrats and Republicans vote YES on cutting disabled veterans pensions.
If an apple a day keeps the doctor away （一天一个苹果就不用看医生了 ）, what does an apple a day do for the teacher in your life?
Obama attended Mandela's service in South Africa. Many leaders attended. Obama: felt strange NOT eavesdropping on world leaders. -Jay Leno
Some great advice and great quotes on Creativity and how to generate it. "Infographic: How To Be More Creative" 
6y/o birthday gifts 2 of 3: Marvel Essentials Vol 1 Captain America 美国队长 Měiguó duìzhǎng or American Team Leader. 
Response: @milbank IBD auto bailout  Hazlitt's "Economics in 1 Lesson" Read chapter 1  Read it?
Looks like another 1 of those silly time travel movies. I feel like I saw it before!? "Welcome To Yesterday" Trailer 
NOW you can get egg rolls in China! "Egg rolls and fried rice: Chinese food returns to its  home much changed" 
1st song on new @iheartradio app? "Jingle Bell Rock 摇起圣诞铃 Yáo qǐ shèngdàn líng" or "Shake the Christmas Bell." Our 6y/o's song for school!
"Will China restart the space race?" If Beijing makes a territorial claim on the moon, will it reignite a lunar rush? 
Ain't this the truth! "PAYING FOR CHRISTMAS" by Political Cartoonist Randy Bish 
HilHAIRYous animal puns that will make you laugh and roll your eyes! "Collection of hilarious animal puns all in 1!" 
6y/o birthday gifts 1of3: Where's Waldo 威利在哪里？Wēi lì zài nǎlǐ? 25th anniversary. (in Chinese he's Wally not Waldo) 
Favorite: HOW DO YOU KNOW? Because I'm smart. "38 Test Answers 100% Wrong But Totally Genius At The Same Time"  
Don't blame me... he has a good point! "Why Playing The Lottery Is A Good Investment" 
Thanks China. The most annoying pet comes from China. "How the Chinese Created Cats" 
Our 6y/o's class quilt assignment is 1 square about your family. We've designed a Viking 挪威海盗 ship with Mx's family character 吴 on the sail.
Collecting screen shots of news sites from around the web on our 6y/o's birthday yesterday.  DRUDGE's headline: CHINA LANDS ON THE MOON!
Watch the next teacher gets in trouble saying a Snowman is white! "TEACHER DISCIPLINED FOR 'SANTA IS WHITE' REMARK" 
Ever heard of photo-taking impairment effect? Apparently now it's a thing. "Taking Photos May Impede Memory" 
Shoveling snow is such a waste of time. What's the cost benefit analysis for a good snowblower? Would it really save me time and money?
Radicalized Heartland resident...wake up people! "Kansas terrorism plot: American engineer turned unlikely jihadist" 
Finished and ordered my @blurbbooks for Christmas. Had trouble with SLURP from Blog to book option, never got resolved. Did it manually. Ugh
Amazing ad. Take 5 minutes watch and share. "WestJet's Jaw-Dropping "Christmas Miracle" will have you Laugh AND Cry" 
MX and our 5y/o were planning to write his Chinese teacher's Christmas card. He said and MX wrote: "我喜欢她说话的样子。I like the way she talks."
Anybody know what they were? "1st week of December 95 new final regulations were published in the Federal Register" 
3 male ESL students want to start a family. 1) My wife is impregnable 2) No, should be she is inconceivable 3) Both wrong. She's unbearable.
Our 5y/o told MX he heard a bad word at school. Nervous, MX asked him to tell her. "My classmate said somebody was an idiot 白痴 báichī."
Crazy survival story! "Nevada dad praised for keeping girlfriend, 4 kids safe for 2 days lost in snow" 
MUST WATCH!! Great cartoonist from Investor's Business Daily. "Video: Michael Ramirez: The Conservative Forum" 
Just yesterday after her shower, our 1y/o clearly said in Chinglish: "嗨，爸爸！Hāi bàba！ Hi Daddy!" It was pretty cute!
I can't stand shopping but these shoes are cool! "Artist Designs 12 Special Shoes for 12 Former Lovers" 
In light of all the pollution, they write 5 benefits!"5 Surprising Benefits of Pollution' Falls Flat in China" - TLN 
They just found volcanoes under the Arctic! "Active Volcanoes, Not CO2, Are Melting West Antarctic Ice Sheet" 
Been there, not that. "Chinese Man Leaps to His Death in Shopping Mall After Girlfriend Insists on More Shopping" 
The other day our 5y/o asked an interesting question: “In the arctic, do people's tears freeze? 在北极，人如果哭的话他的眼泪会不会结冰？” Anybody know?
Must Read: But of course we already do this. "What Kids Learn From Hearing Family Stories" - The Atlantic 
Who said progressives aren't religious? "Common Core Lesson Teaches Children Obama Is A Messiah" 
ESL Class: Teaching OPTIMIST. "What do you call a person who always thinks positive, on the bright side? Starts with O." Student: "Oprah?"
This classic Norman Rockwell painting topped a record week of art auction sales in US with $46 million!!! 
Report findings here. "World's Smallest Political Quiz - Take it and find out where you fit on the political map!" 
Funny! "12 Things You Might Not Know About A Christmas Story" (Even Though You've Seen It 90 Times) | Mental Floss 
New Low: Sooo, Obamacare and the N-word are the same? Oh yes, she did. "MSNBC host equates ‘Obamacare’ with N-word" 
Assignment: Think like a Nazi and argue why Jews are evil. Seriously? "School apologizes for Nazi writing assignment" 
Insult to Injury: These people got kicked out of their sewer. "Beijing Migrant Workers Kicked Out Their Well-Homes" 
Night B4 Christmas 平安夜 Píng’ān yè Rhymes: "...and turning around, St. Nicholas came with a ______?" 5y/o said, "Clump!" Yes, but no rhyme.
NICE! "New Chinese Buzzword “Feed People Smog,” Homophone For “Feed The People,” Due to Country’s Pollution Problem" 
We read Twas the Night Before Christmas 平安夜 Píng’ān yè to our 5y/o and taught him about rhymes 押韵 yāyùn. He's got most of it, but not all.
"Little American Dream Factory: How Chicago Bureaucrats Killed an Innovative Business" Institute For Justice 
White organizers muzzled the black protesters. Why? "What We Saw at NYC's Fast Food Strike" 
MUST READ: Heard on  "Prescott and Ohanian: Taxes Are Much Higher Than You Think" 
Question: Are you obsessed with pandas? "Even Chinese People Can't Believe How Much Americans Love Pandas" 
Amen to that. "Obama Doesn't Understand The Dynamic Power Of The Free Market" - Lawrence Kudlow  
The best take on Nelson Mandela's death. "Where Are The Mandelas For The Rest Of Suffering Africa?" 
We all taught our 1y/o where her 屁股 pìgu bum-bum is. I asked in Chinese: "妹妹，你的屁股在哪里？Little sister, where's your bum-bum?" She pointed.
Obama is "becoming the very danger the Constitution was designed to avoid." -Jonathan Turley Washington University 
Obama's America: Faced with overwhelming fact; lie. "Obama's Evidence on Employment Consequences of Minimum-Wage Law" 
Discovered China's New Reality Show: 爸爸去哪儿 Where Are We Going, Dad? That's what I do everyday with our 5y/o and 1y/o! 
World meet aquatic drone. Aquatic drone meet the world. "China turns to unmanned vessels to boost its marine power" 
STUFF MY DAD WOULD LOVE: A fascinating look at College Libraries "The Evolution of the College Library" The Atlantic 
Hilarious lighter side of ads from long time ago. "23 Vintage Ads That Would Be Banned Today" | Bored Panda 
I told MX 纳尔逊·曼德拉 Nàěrxùn·Màndélā Nelson Mandela (1918-2013) died. MX worked in South Africa + Mauritius. Our 5y/o is studying Uganda 乌干达。
For the gamers out there! "Battlefield 4 - China Rising! Bound to Go Over Well in China! Plus 3 Hours of Gameplay!" 
Maybe that's why she works at Wendy's. "Striking Wendy’s Worker: Raise My Minimum Wage Means I Can Work Fewer Days"  
Crazy video or a car commercial? "PAINFUL: Chinese Woman Scratches Luxury Car to Force Husband to Pay for it" 
Next Time: Men and women are the same. Remember this: "Guys: No Shirt, No Service - Gals: No Shirt, No Charge" 
Anybody you know live in these cities? My sister is in St. Louis! "Chart: Detroit is America’s Most Dangerous City" 
Just what IS happening in the oven when you bake cookies? Now you know. "The chemistry of cookies" TED ED 
Congrats! Did you know China has a RICH Cartoonist list? "2 Women Listed on China's Rich Cartoonists 2013 List" 
And in other Bizarre News... "Mysterious China-themed 'city' proposed in New York’s Catskills Mountains" 
Our 5y/o said kids fought at school. MX: "这个孩子知道功夫吗？Doesn't he know kung fu?" He replied, "但是在学校不可以做功夫！ But at school you can't do Kung Fu."
Get ready! Higher prices at ONLINE shopping sites. "Supreme Court OKs State-Collected Taxation w/ out Representation" 
Amazing 2013 Iron Bowl ending Auburn beats Alabama  in context. Tie game 28-28 Amazing 100+ yard field goal return.
And none were politicians! "These 10 People Made the World a Better Place. More People Should Know their Names" 
China shoots up a rocket and parts come crashing down into a farmer's house. Even NASA never had this happen right? 
I wish I could forget about my iPad price tag. "'Forget About The Price Tag' video wins HHS Obamacare prize" 
"Democracy substitutes votes for action and taxes for charity enfeebling natural impulses to help each other." FEE 
Both our both kids were laughing from old Jack Benny radio programs sponsored by JELL-O on my iPod. Our 5y/o said, "他很搞笑！He is hilarious!"
And mom thought I wouldn't go anywhere cause of Fingerpainting! "285,000 Finger Brush Strokes later on an iPad" 
Ever wonder what happens to the bad kids at Christmas? Great for parents! "Krampus: Saint Nicholas' Dark Companion" 
Echoes my point yesterday, Government is blocking the future! "Drones: Not Just for Missiles Anymore" : FEE 
I dressed our 1y/o in mismatched warm clothes and asked our 5y/o "What would mommy say? Too cold right? "不是，太难看了！ No, she'd say, TOO UGLY."
Chinese Thief: didn't return stolen iPhone but sends the owner 11 pages of handwritten numbers copied from directory 
MUST WATCH: Hour long economics movie from 1975. Recommended by @cafehayek "The Incredible Bread Machine Film" 
Liberal cartoonist Ted Rall has comics censored by Progressive Obamaphiles at Daily Kos.  @rogerhedgecock 
MUST READ: Interesting problems. "China’s Schools Teaches Kids to Take Tests, Obey the State, and Not Much More" 
1. Why abort? 2. Why keep aborted babies? "Abortionist kept 36 bags of aborted babies in storage unit, found dead"  
We have a moon rover too right? Wouldn't it be cool if they met?! "China readies to launch first moon rover mission" 
