收到退税支票了, 嗯哼
RT : . has some evidence that Yutu has phoned home!  Welcome back!  
RT : Chang'e'3 YUTU lander is alive! Xband signals detected from moon and also EME reflection of Chinese TTC uplink on 7.2GHz - …
RT : Archive photo: checking football pools coupons at Littlewood's factory in Liverpool (1947). From  http://t.…
RT : The Economist explains why Sochi is, ironically, the perfect place for the winter Olympics:  http:/…
RT : US Senate unanimously confirms Sen. Max Baucus, D-Mont., as next ambassador to China - 
RT : "Windows XP and the Future of the Desktop"   Our latest special feature from  &amp; 
RT : 3: Negredo is slipped through wide left but at an acute angle ands his hopeful shot flies well over. 0-0
RT : American youth are losing interest in basketball, football, baseball and soccer, data suggest. 
RT : The Seattle  thrash the Denver  43-8 in #SuperBowlXLVIII to win their first world title http://t.co/8k13IWjD…
RT : The best photos from the Super Bowl, compiled by   (Photograph: Jeff Roberson) http://t.co…
RT : The biggest banks in China and in Africa team up again 
RT : Actor Philip Seymour Hoffman, dead at 46, won an Oscar for his work in 'Capote.'  (Everett) http://t.co/w5ZT…
RT : They are the defense ministers of Norway, Sweden, Netherlands and Germany. 
啊～五环，你比四环多一环。啊～五环，你比六环小一环。终于有一天，你会修到七环。修到七环怎么办？你比五环多两环～
某日, 杨元庆拿着联想移动的手机, 怒斥自己的秘书: 这什么破手机? 一点都不好用, 还不如我以前的 V998 好使呢, 你们不如买个摩托罗拉给我当新年礼物好了. 大年三十, 秘书敲门: "杨总, 摩托罗拉买好了." 杨总: "哪个型号的?" 秘书: "型号??"
I hate those developers who wrote codes but never verified their codes!
RT : Obama: China No Longer World's No 1 Place to Invest 
": Never say never! The White House is now required to respond to the petition to deport Justin Bieber " Poor boy
  NO
RT : GOOOOOOAAAAALLLL BAYERN! Thiago saves the day with an incredible volley in the 93'. The streak lives on. 43 league matches unbe…
RT : #Handanovic, Best Goalkeeper of 2012/13  #FCIM
": Weibo's loss, WeChat's gain: Amid censorship push, report shows China microblogging usage fell in 9% in 2013: "
RT : Want to work from home? These are the top 100 companies offering flexible jobs in 2014: 
RT : China's Twitter-like service Weibo declines in popularity, says government report 
RT : New iPad Air television ad 'Your Verse Anthem' tugs on the heartstrings 
RT : A 6.5 earthquake struck about 35 miles north of Puerto Rico, but did not trigger a tsunami warning: USGS  http://t.co/VNjaGRJ1…
eh.. ": Due to a lapse in government funding, this account will not be active until further notice."
煎了三片培根.. 晚餐吃的好爽
RT : RT : PLA Navy's worst nightmare enters Hong Kong Harbour. 
": GOAL! Dortmund 4-1 Madrid! Lewandowski with a FOURTH of the match! " 无语了。。德甲今年打鸡血了么。。
": GOAL! BORUSSIA DORTMUND 3 Real Madrid 1 Lewandowski (HAT TRICK)" omg
RT : 「你研究方向是啥？」「研究湿地」「具体研究什么内容呢」「研究湿地的鸟」这个研究师弟的鸟的女生在人人上火了…
看了一眼欧冠比分，吓尿了，大拜仁威武！
真服了这帮官僚了.. 央视新闻采访中国人寿四川分公司的老板, 老板的头几句话居然也在说公司领导的指示云云..
lol ": 中国！我们翻译了这段节目与你分享！别忘了观看节目的同时在鼻子下放一块奶酪从而感受真正的西方人味道！ #DailyShow"
Keep running! Nike+ 显示我刚刚跑了 3.53 公里。  #nikeplus
困死，却失眠了，还有比这更难受的么
RT : 俺认为，指责自焚者被宗教洗脑和指责反对自焚的人被中共洗脑没什么区别。
#toydefense 不错 
黄昏是我一天中视力最差的时候，一眼望去满街都是美女，高楼和街道也变幻了通常的形状，像在电影里……你就站在楼梯的拐角，带着某种清香的味道，有点湿乎乎的，奇怪的气息，擦身而过的时候，才知道你在哭。事情就在那时候发生了。
#swdsm we need designer!
有些人真是有病.
吐槽一下twitter的官方iPhone客户端吧，在4上居然用了40多秒才打开。。
 是 190 亿..
 good point..
"十八大报告首提实行党代会代表提案制"  原来之前党代会的代表们连提案权都没有, 只有举手, 鼓掌, 和流泪的权利?
 卖萌啊.. 冬天是如何卖萌的..
 如何卖?
test
 今年淘宝+天猫的销售额有望超过 ebay 和 amazon 的总和, 大阿里威武
 so pretty
 beautiful
tmd 有些人脑袋里面就是进水了, tmd 有病, sb
上杉和也 & 上杉达也, 生日快乐!
RT : 温家宝说，要创造条件让人民批评政府，听起来好像政府要做许多事情才能制造出条件。实际上，条件并不需要政府创造，它只要停止牵制言论、停止将批评政府的人投进监狱，就可以了。
到目前为止社交网络和盗梦空间在小金人大赛上齐头并进啊..
年前工作搞定, 安心等着吃饭放假咯!
北京车牌摇号中签了.. 人品大爆发
twitter 和新浪微博的风格差距好大, 不会玩..
RT : RT : 北大法学院同学在天津火车站因拍了某领导的照片被抓.鉴于北大身份警察最终放人.警察一直在骂:北大学生素质怎么这么低.学法律的怎么一点都不懂法
RT : 现在抨击“北京不少委员和代表主张限制外地人进京”啥的已经没用了，这个主张已经得到了市委书记以及更高级别的首肯，将在未来五年内大力推行。减少北京高校留校指标、限制外地人买车、限制外地人购房和贷款、清理地下室、市政出面接管部分行业，部分行业准入制。 ...
好困啊..
来杭州出差，杭州比想像的暖和多了。。。
中秋节快乐！
看了盗梦空间，很有点味道。迪卡普里奥同学还是一如既往的帅啊虽然老了不少。。。
河南地方政府撤销鲲鹏航空改名为河南航空的工商注册, 理由是河南航空给河南抹黑了.. 真是一个神奇的地方政府..
豆瓣好像宕了...
在手机上玩twitter，感觉不错
杭州好热啊.. 何时能回北京?
