RT : 中国离岸金融解密 
RT : RT : 【新公民运动七成员今日起陆续受审】许志永等人受审的原因是参加新公民运动及其他抗议组织的活动，试图在去年通过这些活动迫使共产党接受更广泛的责任制以及更多的政治自由化。
RT : 从亚洲周刊十大维权律师，到新公民案宣判，十年又过去了。无数肉身前赴后继，流亡、坐牢、消音，眼见着追求自由、人权和社会进步的前行者，就像索姆河绞肉机重机枪面前充分的战士一样无畏，而战事也一样的残酷。
RT : @张律师:一中院发布王功权以认罪换取保的消息完全是歪曲事实，功权是说过他想早点出来多陪陪家人，写些诗，但他并没有出卖朋友，有兴趣的看看他的亲笔供词吧！ 
RT : An Ethnography of Anthropologists: Observations on race, ethnicity, gender, age, language, sociality at AAA meetings  http…
RT : Presenting Living Cultures: Repatriation &amp; the Indigenization of Museums  Panel today at Uni Colorad…
RT : 永永绝对一好汉！RT   RT :  许志永的庭审于下午三点半在北京第一中级法院结束。被告人、辩护人始终保持沉默，一言未发。许甚至连姓名年龄等自然情况都没有回应。以示对审判的抗议。此时无声胜有声。这是最经典的法庭审判。
RT : 2 hrs until our 1st #webinarWednesday! Topic: #free #anthrocareer advice. Are you registered? 
RT : China Tightens Control of Online Video, Book Publishing | Variety 
RT : Lord of the Flies: China's president moves closer to bagging his biggest trophy. By Willy Lam 
RT : 看见写《西藏七年》的海因利西•哈勒（Heinrich Harrer)1950年在拉萨的照片很珍贵。。 
RT : SEATTLE SEAHAWKS vs SAN FRANCISCO 49ERS
This one would be more fun for me.
#SFvsSEA 
RT : #NFLPlayoffs 
RT : Junkyard Planet, a journey round the world's scrapyards by @adamminter. I'm sure my #Dhaka trash goes to a good home htt…
RT : 百度云盘是个宝，电影图书都能找！关键是它还有一个搜索引擎（非官方）： 我只想说一个字：没有最爽，只有更爽！
RT : The Myth of the Deserving Rich 
RT : Is an NSF Grant Just Another Fetish? Tony Waters on doing fieldwork without a grant  &amp; on the import…
RT : Dear , for this year's Copyright Week, let's make all pre-1964 AAA pubs open access (suggests ) http:…
RT : 自由亚洲：四川德格县多名藏人被捕 甘孜县出现西藏独立传单
RT : Chen Guangbiao says he is suited to run US papers since he has "equally competent IQ and EQ" with Jews. http://t.co/tWMhzF…
RT : 老徐时评 ：2013年经济奄奄一息的小日本股市从10000点涨到了16000，复苏乏力只会印钞的美国从12000点涨到16000，欧债危机的法国从3300涨到了4300，英国从4500涨到了6700，德国从6700点涨到了9552。我们风光这边独好的祖国…
RT : 四川路桥集团在德格挖隧道导致许多民居开裂成了危房有关。而且德格一直被开矿修水电站，民愤很大。德格是我老家啊。"  有具体点的消息吗？这次在德格抓人是和要拆金沙江畔的三座萨迦派寺庙有关呢？还是和噶玛才旺看不有关？德格县噶举派的寺庙…
RT : 光标的名片真恐怖。。。。典型中国特色。。。 
RT : 迪庆是同化的样板。“  如果从1995年开始算，或者更早一点截至目前，迪庆还是比较安定的吧？看你统计的自焚者中没有迪庆的，被拘捕者也没有迪庆的。”
RT : 绕了半天露出给土共舔菊的真实意图。RT : 陈光标: 如果收购成功，我会对《纽约时报》进行一些必要的改革。最终目的就是增加这张报纸的真实度和客观性，重塑其公信力和影响力。
RT : Should universities need IRB approval for use of commercial software platforms?  on govt surveillance:  http…
RT : The next #Mandela? #China's jailed Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo is a contender, ’s   tells  http://t…
RT : A faulty website for unemployment claims in Florida left tens of thousands without their checks: 
RT : Can China Rise Peacefully? Mearsheimer debates Yan Xuetong at Beijing's Tsinghua (though they have long agreed 'no'.) …
RT : 9 Rules For Surviving Minnesota Winters 
RT : 6 Disgusting Things About Giving Birth That You Need To Know 
RT : 土地治污：中国学日本经验之难  日本在修复重金属污染土地方面具有丰富的经验。本文从信息管理、资金投入、政府与媒体及公众监督之间的制度性反馈等方面，分析了两国差距，指出中国为什么学不了日本经验。
RT : 汉藏民间交流促进会授予唯色、王力雄第二届＂促进汉藏民间交流奖＂。祝賀   ！
RT : 呵呵，这个强！示威者让镇压者看看自己什么模样。
 must be written by a Tsinghua graduate.
RT :  Cross-species meat? MT China's Latest Food Scandal: Fox-Tainted Donkey Meat   via @TheAtlan…
RT : 柏林将举办迄今最大规模艾未未艺术展: 位于柏林的格罗皮尤斯展览馆将在今年举办迄今最大规模的艾未未艺术展。为此，该馆馆长西弗尼希接受了德新社记者的访谈。 
RT : 我一直想在适当时候组织人包围基辛格的家，让他的邻居知道他在中国干些什么坏事。以后，让那些为暴政张目的西方名流在自己国家遭遇麻烦，声誉扫地。暴政在中国不让人民太平，我们就让暴政在海外不安宁。
RT : Oh, the things I've seen at Tibetan Buddhist monasteries, ha : Photo: Adorable mis-behaving junior monk http…
RT : Zhang Shuxia, the maternity doctor who stole her patients' babies in Shaanxi, goes on trial today. Charges not public htt…
RT : 习老大为庆丰包子铺留了个“传家宝”：在位于月坛附近的庆丰包子铺里，徐女士一家特意过来吃包子，“就坐这个位置，给自己沾沾喜气”。晚些时候，习近平坐过的桌子被搬走，换了新的桌子，店长说是要留存起来。另一位女士直接到点餐处说：“来份主席套餐”。
RT : Good luck with that: Chinese officials banned from smoking in public.  
RT : 2013 was the Year in Bacon in Madison. As was 2012. As will be 2014. Because it's bacon. 
RT : Call for Papers EASA 13th Biennial Conference: Collaboration, Intimacy &amp; Revolution. Deadline Feb. 27th, 2014 http://t.co/tL…
RT : I have too many fantasies to be a housewife.... I guess I am a fantasy. ―Marilyn Monroe

RT : China’s Southern Media Group Turns Back on Anti-Censorship Supporters · Global Voices
 http://t.co/tvOQ…
RT : T Magazine: Best of 2013 | The Year in Design 
RT : In all the years I’ve been a therapist, I’ve yet to meet one girl who likes her body. 
RT : Return to grantlandia: Back in 2011 I wrote a post here called “Wasting away in grantlandia.” That one was... http://t.co/…
RT : 阿妈啦在哪，恰阿姆在哪～恰阿姆：甜茶。 
RT : 周永康已于本月24日，正式被中纪委宣布双规。
RT : ‘Making friends with the neighbours’: #Blogging as a #research method  #ethnography
RT : Urumqi most polluted Chinese city today? stunning map on air quality 
 haha nice profile pic.
RT : Shanghai billionaire Guo Guangchang is set to buy more US properties after acquisition of NYC 1 Chase Manhattan Plaza http…
RT : In a year plagued by pollution, it's no surprise China is far behind meeting its enviornmental targets. http://t.co/FqRh…
Had the best lazy dinner fried chicken bought from  @Madison
RT : 唯色：从火焰中走向拉萨的藏人们...12月3日下午，在安多阿坝（今四川省阿坝藏族羌族自治州阿坝县），30岁的牧民贡觉才旦在麦尔玛乡政府前自焚，之后在被军警带往州府马尔康县的途中牺牲。12月19日下午，在安多桑曲... | 博谈网 http://t.…
RT : 大车花前过。。RT  从2013年11月30日开始，每天早晨，我在草场地258号工作室门外的自行车车篮中放置一束鲜花，直至我恢复自由旅行的权利。第27天，2013年12月26日。  http://t.…
“: "冬至那天，我的烏克蘭老婆說要包餃子 | 鍵盤大檸檬" (  )”haha

 I enjoy the part about Matt. He reminded me a lot of Abraham who killed Isaac in Kierkegaard's fear&amp;t
RT : World System Theory: First class, business class, and economy class.  /via  #fb
RT : 林：今天也是高华逝世2周年。纪念高华比纪念毛更重要。

read this novel and loved it!! The Cradle by  
RT : Are Han tourists turning Tibet into a Disneyland? 
RT : China to raise ship-scrapping subsidy by 50%  
RT : RT : RT  明天(周四)是我在北大的最后一天课，上午10点10分到12点在北大二教525教室讲《美国经济史》，下午3点10分到6点在二教523教室讲《经济学名著选读》，欢迎大家前来旁听。坐地铁到北大东门…
Had a walk on the snowy land in the morning with  and felt good.
 cool! She is in my committee! We should meet and get to know each other's project.

Hi do you work with Sarah Moore ? 
RT : 唯色：改写历史的“拉萨老城保护工程” 
 昨晚上在学校看了never sorry  很多观众 结束掌声很久 @uw_madison
 hi Dr. Brooks, I co-organize the Waste Regimes panel for AAG 2014 and am happy to have you as discussant! Glad to find you here!
 thanks! It will be for my eyes only.
Tibetan villagers halt mining project on sacred mountain. old news but fascinating story 
RT : In Russia, the Price of Dissent Keeps Rising - By Anna Nemtsova | Foreign Policy 
  outspoken truly. But what does it mean? Is china resembling soviet Russian as much as this implies?
 ok. I will pay a visit to Steven's Wine Store. Thx
 was great to see you at AAA! Had to get back with my ride and so sad that I missed your paper. Any chance you could let me read
Friends, what is a good gift to bring to a thanksgiving dinner hosted by your boss?
RT : Dao Rising: Chinese Philosophy Lifts Off in America - The Chronicle Review - The Chronicle of Higher Education http://t.co/7yd1Pj…
 and sam made great dessert. we had two and half bottle of wine too.
 yeah, eight people including me showed up in potluck. we had rice, chicken, tofu, cumin potato, pasta pepper salad, banana bread
RT : 涉藏官媒纷纷报道《拉萨市老城区保护条例》将从10月1日起实施，而且已经纷纷隆重称赞。。呵呵，俺笑而暂不语。。没迁原住居民吗？那两个改写历史的展览馆的原住居民哪里去了？改写历史难道算是“保护”呢？好笑啊好笑～～
Heidegger, Origins of the Work of Art. a good read
 I just realize that local variations in naming within US may complicate the issue. Plus, the frequent divorce and remarrying.
 my students gave good comments after being asked to draw their own family tree. big families in WI. German, Polish descendants
 kinship?
RT : 才注意到这位英国作家帕特里克·弗伦奇就是奈保尔传记《世事如斯》的作者啊。传记很翔实也写得好。RT  英國作家暨歷史學家Patrick French 為第一位自焚藏人圖丹歐珠寫的文章：《我的朋友图丹欧珠》 #翻譯 http://t.…
 sorry. i was in the midst of moving and totally missed this message. hope you had fun!
RT : Awesome work by the #Harvard Open Access Project &amp; TBRC - making thousands of #Tibetan texts freely available  http://t.…
RT : Chris Vasantkumar reviews Emily Wilcox's dissertation on Dance in the People's Republic of China -  - …
 Seattle drives teaching on racism out of grade school curriculum is another example for why more work needs to be done.
 did you put a notepad in the beginning of the semester? Thanks!
 can you share me the program for this year AAA? I want to choose panels that I want to go and dates in Chicago. Can't afford all
   what panel are you in for AAA?
RT : 今日傍晚七点五十五分，拉萨东南边的雪山莲花瓣啊。。。罪恶与丑陋都在镜头之下，然而拉萨永恒。。。（4） 
RT : Jo'burg: Chinese shops move out to the suburbs (guest post) 
RT : RT : #China Censors, Show Your Swords! Good read by David Bandurski at   #censorship
RT : Gu Kailai's testimony against Bo Xilai may lead to more charges against her 

RT : 白塔寺现在还有文革所毁的藏地藏佛，断胳膊断腿的。。RT  许多年前收的藏佛残件，文革所毁不计其数 RT :  这是新作品佛手？色即是空的意思？RT   @唯色 
RT : 这是文革中的布达拉宫：左侧立着“中华人民共和国万岁”标语牌，右侧立着“各族人民大团结万岁”标语牌，正中立着巨大的“毛主席万岁”标语牌……  
awesome documentary by Huchins Brother 
 :)
RT : 今日【博】嘉央诺布：拉萨，永恒之城（2）（翻译更桑东智 ） 众神的驻锡地，“亚洲高原上的麦加”，“佛教的罗马”，古老吐蕃帝国的首都，寄托着我们梦想的秘密之城，正迅速地消失在中国人推土机的…
RT : 推薦閱讀著名圖伯特研究學者史伯嶺（Elliot Sperling）先生的長篇力作《進逆耳忠言，盼公民社會》 
RT : 靳薇教授说：“十世達賴喇嘛年事已高，按照藏傳佛教的儀軌轉世的問題，已經迫在眉睫……”一个“主要研究領域是西藏問題”的中央党校教授，怎么连这一世达赖喇嘛是十世还是十四世都会说错呢？
 you will like it more than xp
RT : HT  When spell check attacks:  -"The focus of the urbanization drive should be land and hookup reforms" http://…
RT : Korean Computer Center (KCC) is the largest IT company in NKorea. With branches in: China, Germany, Syria (!), UAE. http:…
 the article was a bit thin.
RT : This must stop RT  Tibetan monk w/ recordings of Dalai Lama's speeches beaten to death by PRC police  http:…
RT : “Graduate students need to be their own mentors.” ~   #fb
RT : 一个叫毕研韬的人，自称是战略传播控，在微博上写“【美国藏学家痛批达赖】5月8日，史伯岭教授刊文称，达赖喇嘛的“中间路线”是流亡藏人社会的腐败之源…”，说什么“痛批”太言过其实，很文革，很土共。他以为史伯岭先生是潜伏吗？是在写大字报吗？他据说是个学者，看来…
RT : Chinese Reality #5: China Villagers Documentary Project « @dGenerateFilms 
  agree. actually twitter brought me to this article on twitter...
  shocking!
RT : Government sign in Xinjiang: "Women, please remove your veils/ 女士们、妇女们请揭开面纱、请你不要影响现代文明社会" via @JuliaFamularo http://t.co/26N8…
RT : OP-ED COLUMNIST; The Chutzpah Caucus 
RT : Walter Benjamin's Thirteen Theses for writing well: 
 no, it simply shows a decrease of funding to grad research in US. The bubble is shown in the undergrad oversea students.
RT : NYT: India's premature deaths due to air pollution in 2010 only half of China's stunning 1.2 million. http://t.co/zDi5y ...
RT : 令人发指的故事新编：四川阿坝侦破一起故意杀人焚尸案 
新华网成都３月２０日电（记者党文伯）近日，四川省阿坝州公安机关经过缜密侦查，成功破获一起故意杀人焚尸案，犯罪嫌疑人卓玛甲，已被抓获归案。此前，有媒体将 ...
RT : China’s Push to Cool Down Housing Raises Questions, by  
 
Although Loving arose in the context of racial discrimination,confirm that the right to marry is of fundamental importance for all individua
 更像是葛兰西的霸权，国家机器用意识形态为自己确立合法性，屁民被洗脑，以为这就是自然的。贪官污吏，历史与现实，好像已经交织在一起。
 haha. forward them to your TAs and not your problem.
RT : In Nepal, Buddhists Reconstruct Tibetan Murals 
RT : 藏人為何自焚十二問——專訪達瓦才仁（北明） 
藏族自焚三年祭：
《藏土出中國》下載：

翻牆：https:/ ...
RT : 今日【博】嘉央诺布：综述导致十三世达赖喇嘛宣布图伯特独立的若干历史事件 …是由于当时的图伯特身处世界上两大帝国关系的交接点，第一是强劲好斗的大英帝国，另一个是羸弱腐朽的满清帝国，但依然试图维持其摇摇欲坠的 ...
RT : 我们中国公民从美国驻华使馆那里启蒙了PM2.5概念，并获得动态的监测数据，醒悟了它对身体的直接危害。我们中国公民又从日本政府那里启蒙了核污染指数，并获得了动态的监测数据，醒悟了它对我们的健康和生命的威胁。在事关公民知情权和健康权的核心利益上，中国政 ...
RT : If you buy green superfood in plastic containers, you should see these pictures:  #organic #pet ...
 wonderful piece! best critique of JD so far!
RT : The Yanomami Ax Fight: Science, Violence, Empirical Data, and the Facts  Jared Diamond, ethnograp ...
RT : Senate just confirmed  as Secretary of State.  We now have a Secrekerry.  Vote was 93-3.
RT : Op/Ed: Joel McNally: Django Clarke 
RT : Bad River Chippewa Take a Stand Against Walker and Mining  #wimine #wiunion #WI
Taken by One Direction! 
 wait, there is no link?
 cool. I never managed to play majong well ...
RT : 46集电视连续剧《西藏秘密》在CCTV8台一鼓作气播完了。藏人观众在微博上恶评如潮。编剧兼导演刘德濒顾不得此剧顾问都是宣传部大员等涉藏高官，声称拍此剧的参考读物是哈勒名著《西藏七年》的中国译本，想用哈勒的话来反驳藏人批评，却被藏人找到此书台湾译本， ...
   sounds interesting!
 什么情况
  In Tibetan, it means the sun.
 sounds fun!
RT : 哥哥的唯一儿子今天中午2点左右自焚而死亡！ 我离开家乡的那年他刚到8岁。 我离开后他也退学了。 前几天在电话中他还说（姐姐，每次电视上看到你的时候你只有几件藏族服装啊！ 要不要送你过去啊）那是我们最后的对话。 全家特别疼爱他！ 哥哥说今天早 ...
RT : The American Historical Association has just posted my (80-minute!) presidential address on "Storytelling" at http://t.co/q ...
 where r u going?
RT : Marry, Fuck, Kill (Revised Edition) 
So bored at home. Winter break isn't good if you don't have any plan or family around
RT : $$ Moutai Falls as China Limits Banquets--Bloomberg. A very liquid corruption pure play 
RT : [CDT网友热传] 墙外楼 | 中国人眼中的西藏: 
许多工作在西藏的中国人自认为是理想主义的进步传道者，拒斥把他们看成文化帝国主义代理人的西方观点。事实上，他们两者都是。
By Peter Hessler作者：何伟
对西藏... http ...
RT : 许志永：一名汉人对一名自焚藏人的哀悼那一天，他穿着新衣服，全身都是新的，洗了澡，干干净净，还新理了发。他问别人，我帅不帅？我不知道怎样才能表达自己的悲哀。我拿出500元钱给这位妇女，请她转给朗卓父母，告诉他们 ...
RT : A Comparison of China’s and America’s Richest People  more IT-based wealth in the US and more real es ...
RT :  Once, millions of Americans correctly argued the Constitution gave them the right to own other human beings ...
RT : Shooting Reported at Connecticut Elementary School 
RT : Gay Activists Weigh Possibilities of Marriage Ruling 
RT : Does corporate ethnography suck? A cultural analysis of academic critiques of private-sector ethnography (Part 1 of 3) http:/ ...
RT : The Diseased Language of #MoYan -  - provocative Kenyon Review essay by Kenyon prof Anna Sun
RT : Reading:  MT : How the US can stem China’s rise - Taipei Times
RT : China's Wen Jiabao: "I hope everyone will forget me"  
RT : More than 600 academics have signed a petition demanding that all construction on Miramar Resort Village be halted http://t.c ...
RT : Despite labor board findings, UW committee still wants hard line against Palermo's Pizza 
 so glad you will be here in #UWMadison soon!
 have you received my postcard??
RT : 见过这么不要脸的吗？--刘劭夫:评司马南的改旗易帜  司马南的这番表演，让全体华人见识了他的泼皮无赖。
RT : Tibetan writers &amp; scholars of Tibet weigh in on the self-immolations. Trying to make sense of the incomprehensible: ...
  Bo Xilai
RT : Reports of a riot at Shenzhen Foxconn on Friday evening 深圳龙华富士康千人骚乱，工厂大门被放火 (视频 / 16图)  
RT : Latest interactive map graphic from UWMadGeog PhD cand &amp; NYT cartographer, Jeremy White ): Words of a N ...
RT : Applying for one of our #fellowships or #grants? Check out past recipients' projects on our Fellows Map: 
 looking forward to
RT : China: New leaders to take power at Communist Party congress 
RT : Typically elegant op-ed by Wang Lixiong on the family impact of pointless paranoid policing in the run-up to the 18th ...
RT : Bicycling and Ethnographic Access: Savage Minds welcomes guest blogger Adonia Lugo.
I was thinking about how... http:// ...
RT : 拉萨满城也尽是红袖章，居委会的嬷拉（藏语老太太）们都变红卫兵了。RT 
RT  @中青报曹林: 饭后散个步，发现满城尽是红袖章。图片来自于建嵘，11月1日拍摄于北京通州，他微博称“听说坐一天有五十元钱。” http: ...
RT : 华邮：中共领导人增加对藏人自焚的打压“: 
RT : BBC 宁波事件视频  RT :  VIDEO: Clashes over China chemical plant 
RT : News from China: Environment-related protests increase at annual average of 29% since 1996. MoEP directly intervened in  ...
RT : Protests Against Sinopec Plant in China Reach Third Day 
RT : 刚接到杭州国宝电话，让俺现在去一下朝晖派出所。据说事情比较严重，基本上是因为今天宁波的事情了。
RT : Weibo has it thousands of Ningbo U students gathered to mourn death of fellow students. Could it be true? Students did s ...
RT : Chinese adult website used to post news about Ningbo environmental protest: 
RT : Illegal contracts and discrimination: Why an illegal immigrant cannot bring a claim for race discrimination 
 http:// ...
  totally. it was fun to watch people in david's window. good times! we had a good party at kenoyer's home. :D
RT : The Official Denials Have Begun In Wen Jiabao vs. New York Times: The lawyers for the Wen Jiabao family issued a... ht ...
RT : Wen family challenges NYT report | SCMP  | My take: 
RT : #China offers money for tips on plans for self immolations attn @beijingnomad  
RT : Next in our series on waste: “The Great Chief Must Be Like the Great Trash Pile” 
RT : 草泥马style:  来自 @youtube
RT : 一位出生在瑞士的混血藏人，去年初以说唱歌曲《Shapaley》（肉饼，西藏传统食物），大受境内外藏人欢迎。很快被中国国新办禁止，看来检察官捕捉到了这句话：“即使你住在西方/但不要忘记你来自西藏/说藏语，写藏文/骄傲地做一个西藏人。”http://t ...
RT : 歌手遂以Shapaley为艺名，于去年底创作第二首说唱歌曲《Made in Tibet》，仿如一封信，是境外的年轻藏人向境内藏人诉说的心里话，令人含泪又欣慰。这首歌同样受到境内年轻藏人的热爱，下载、转贴，且亲切地称歌手是“肉饼小子”。http:// ...
RT : Fish Off Fukushima, Japan, Show Elevated Levels of Cesium 
 SM?
