RT : 我真的好想你 好想 好想。
RT : It hurts when you miss someone that doesn't miss you.
RT : The worst thing about getting your heart broken is going to sleep and knowing you are going to wake up and nothings going t…
RT : sometimes i want to die for a day and just watch and see who really cares
害怕你被抢走。。
真的很怕
RT : 你可以沈默不語 不管我的著急 你可以不回信息 不顧我的焦慮 你可以將我的關心 說成你煩躁的原因 你可以把我對你的思念 丟在角落 不屑一顧 你可以對著其他人微笑 你可以給別人擁抱 你可以對全世界的人好 卻忘了我一直在為你傷心 你只是仗著我喜歡…
RT : 人生很简单，做了决定就不要回头看。
RT : 不出现，不打扰，是我最后爱你的方式。
RT : 不要让那些真正对你好的人，慢慢的从你的生活中消失，无论爱情还是友情，都需要经营。
RT : 如果没有人同情，你就不会在乎伤口有多疼；如果没有人嘲笑，你就不会在乎伤疤有多难看 
载载载载你妹
有需要才来找我 真虚伪。
新年就这样要完了。。。
Forever alone ...
i'm still loving you .
throwback 
RT : I can't lie, I think I'm missing something and that's you.
RT : 累，有时候也是种享受，因为它让生活变得充实。
": It's hard to love someone you have no chance with."
RT : 就因为你知道我会等，就要把我掠在这儿一直等？
RT : Just hearing your name make's me smile like an idiot
RT : Anyone can make you smile but certain people can make you happy.
RT : When I'm quiet: 1) tired 2) don't have anything to talk about3) over-thinking 4) upset 5) falling apart 6) all of the a…
到最后不是一样我一个人。
多么希望你可以上来陪我 但是你还是没有这么做
真的好累
一个人也是一个错
为什么感觉又回来了。
RT : Over thinking does kill your happiness.
RT : Don't believe everything you hear, because anyone can tell a lie.
RT : 虽然现在很苦很累，但还是会继续走下去，我只是不想后悔。
RT : Just do whatever makes you happy.
": Just because we don't talk anymore, that doesn't mean I don't still think about you."
RT : 如果我没有什么可以帮到你， 至少可以陪着你。
再喜欢又有什么用？
终究回不去了。
RT : “: 我就是不懂如果有些人注定没办法在一起，为什么命运要让他们相遇。”
RT : I smile every time I hear your name.
RT : Yes, I'm thinking about you right now.
RT : me everyday at any time to everyone ever: I'm so tired
到最后不是一样要麻烦到我？lol
好笑咯 好像我欠你这样
; 每天都这样！
RT : I hate going an entire day without talking to you.
该说自己蠢吗？
chu 2 look ! :) 
我都没资格 也没权利去在乎啊 不是吗
感觉回来了 哈哈哈
新年每天都那么晚睡 ==
insomnia ....
一直输钱 真是惨
悲剧。。。
RT : I fell in love with you. I don't know how. I don't know why. I just did.
RT : Once you've been hurt, you're so scared to get attached again. You have this fear that everyone you like is gonna break y…
没想到有一天我尽然需要从别人的口中得知你的消息 多可笑啊
RT : I'm always there for everyone but when I need someone to just make me feel better, no one is ever there.
RT : Girls who don't smoke, drink, party every weekend, sleep around, or start drama for attention. They are the true ladies.
看着照片 思念依然没减。
RT : Relationships are harder now because conversations become texting, arguments become phone calls, and feelings become st…
": Can we skip school and go to the part where I become a millionaire?" ya hahaha !
RT : how i feel after school 
RT : I want to know how it feels to hold your hand.
": 我喜欢这种感觉：当我极为失落、沮丧的时候，你一个简单的问候能让我的心情马上好起来。"
RT : crying doesn't solve your problem, but sometimes you need it to express your feeling
RT : Just because I love you, doesn't mean I like you.
RT : To me, you are so so so so so so so so so so so so so perfect.
无聊的除夕夜。。
RT : When I get a text from you, I immediately stop whatever I was doing to read it.
新的一年 新的开始吧
": 一个人只有一个心脏，却有两个心房。一个住着快乐；一个住着悲伤。不要笑得太大声，不然会吵醒旁边的悲伤。"
RT : 新的一年，一样的自己。
": When you don't know what to say but you really want to talk to someone."
RT : 你必须坚强，没有人会懂你到底有多痛。你必须坚强，没有人会懂你到底要怎么继续生活下去。你必须坚强，没有人知道你经历了怎么样的生活。你必须坚强，没有人知道你微笑背后所隐藏的伤痛要怎么激励。你必须坚强，没有人知道你在想哭的时候却发现原来没有了眼…
RT : 明知道你的签名写的不再为我，而我却自欺欺人的对号入座。
": I never gave up on you."
RT : I feel really happy when I see you, because when I look at you and see your smile, it also makes me have a smile.
RT : I always think of you before I fall asleep. The words you said. The things we laughed about, and the silent moments we sh…
RT : 渐渐的明白了，最在乎的那个人，往往是最容易让你流泪的，渐渐的明白了，很多爱情是可遇而不可求的，渐渐的明白了，很多东西只能拥有一次，放手了也就意味着失去了，渐渐的明白了，真心对一个人是不需要回报的。
RT : I don't understand our relationship. Sometimes, we're friends. Sometimes, we're more then friends. Other times, I'm just …
RT : 疼吗 疼也不要说 有事自己扛着 别人不是你 不会懂你
RT : 决定我们一生的，有时不是我们的能力，而是我们的选择。
": 有时候，你越隐藏你对一个人的感觉，你陷得越深。"
RT : I automatically smile when I see you.
这几年累是一定的 但我相信我的人生不可能就止于此了 我不想长大变成街上一抓一把的庸人 我不想以后为钱发愁 我不想以后每天做的都是不喜欢却必须做的事 我不想成为那种人 我有我的梦想 所以我要努力 只有坚持这阵子 才不会辛苦一辈子 我发誓会努力 我会让自己过得很好。
RT : 有的人，该忘就忘了吧，人家不在乎你，又何必委屈自己呢？　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　　　　　　
再怎么痛，再怎么难过，人家也看不到，也不会心疼你，你难过给谁看？
": 用一秒钟转身离开，用一辈子去忘记。 —— 三毛"
RT : 渐渐的知道了，很多东西可遇而不可求，不属于自己的，何必拼了命去在乎。
RT : Timing is everything. The things you are praying for will show up when you are most ready for them.
RT : People who hide their feelings usually care the most.
": Don't think, and don't worry. If the time comes, you will know what to do."
RT : Girls hate texting guys first
RT : I want to be the reason why you fall asleep with your phone in your hand.
RT : Be strong, things will get better.
RT : Sleeping is so hard when you can't stop thinking.
": Fake friends everywhere."
RT : Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest.
RT : The worst kind of pain is when you're smiling to stop the tears from falling.
": Still missing you."
RT : 有些人，很喜欢，但只能是朋友。
RT : Sometimes I keep my feelings to myself because I know that no one will understand.
RT : 爱一个人而那个人不爱你是很让人难受的，更痛苦的是，爱一个人，却永远没勇气告诉他。
new year ? haha
完全融入不进你们的世界。
RT : 当你受了欺负退一步海阔天空时别人说你懦弱 你要拼个你死我活时别人又说你鲁莽 当别人指着你的痛楚大笑时你生气别人说你开不起玩笑 你陪笑别人又以为你是个软柿子好捏 所以千万别为别人而活 你要有自己的思想和原则 决定去做了就要坚持 每个人都会长…
RT : 我的心是一座城，那城里一直住着一个我可望不可及的人。
RT : 说不想当朋友是假的 说不羡慕人家秀恩爱是假的 说不寂寞也是假的 只是真没有一个认真的 所以宁愿选择单身 也不想要随便谈感情 因为我不想当我遇见更好的人的时候 已经把最好的自己用完了
RT : 有时候，嘴上说的，跟心里想的压根不是同一回事。
RT : I just really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, re…
不可以纠缠着你的身影
RT : It hurts when you miss someone that doesn't miss you.
": Stop worrying about people that aren't worried about you."
RT : Always fight for the things you love.
hao nan shou
": Those memories that you randomly remember and suddenly can't stop smiling."
RT : Just because we don't talk doesn't mean I don't think about you. I'm just trying to distance myself because I know I c…

; 舍不得。
; 舍不得一切的一切。
; 舍不得忘记
; 舍不得放下
; 我们有可能吗？
; 我舍不得 可惜时间回不去了
; 微笑的人总会有幸福的可能
; 明天就新年了 真快
; 怎么没新年气氛啊。。
; start my day wif a smile ! :)
": You will never be happy if you continue to hold on to the things that make you sad."
RT : Music speaks the words I can't.
RT : She’s hurt, mentally and emotionally. But everyday, she walks with a smile, because that’s who she is, the girl who nev…
; 看见你 还是会心动。
; 多想念以前每天电话都会出现你发来的短讯的日子。
; 我努力忘记 可是爱情怎么喊停。
; 到最后又剩下一个人 又是我自己一个人 还是我一个人。
; 多希望从来没认识你
; 一切就因为舍不得。 
": 有时候，我们明明原谅了那个人，却无法真正快乐起来，那是因为，你忘了原谅自己。"
; 原来我最执着的 其实你从来都不在乎的
; 我终于可以笑着听说你们的事情了。
; 如果我要很努力才能忘记你 我试过真的不容易 因为在心底 还是抹不去
; 我努力压抑对你的在乎
": 大部份的痛苦，都是不肯离场的结果，没有命定的不幸，只有死不放手的执着。"
RT : If I could live my life without you.
RT : Love your parents. We're so busy growing up, we often forget they're growing old.
; Alone ....
RT : Don't ever give up on something or someone that you can't go a full day without thinking about.
RT : 很多时候，想要的只是一个肯定的眼神和一颗理解的心，仅此而已。
RT : Time decides who you meet in life, your heart decides who you want in your life, and your behaviour decides who stays …
RT : Not talking to you kills me.
RT : When I care about someone, I really care.
": I’m really tired of having feelings."
RT : I respect those that tell me the truth, no matter how hard it is.
RT : "I'm okay" is a girl's biggest lie.
": A pretty face doesn't mean a pretty heart."
RT : When I miss you, I re-read our old conversations and smile like an idiot.
RT : Stay strong. Even when it feels like everything is falling apart..
RT : never give up on your dreams keep sleeping
RT : TWITTER = Typing What I'm Thinking To Everyone Reading.
; 我真的不懂要怎样与你相处。
; 不习惯都变得习惯了 不接受也接受咯。
; 在夜深人静的夜晚 冷冷的天气 一个人躺在床上 躲在温暖的被窝里 这就是我最大的安全感。
RT : The most amazing feeling in the world is to look at someone you really care about and know they feel the same way abou…
RT : 你对自己好，就会变得更出色，在别人眼里，就更有价值。而你对别人付出太多，自己就会变得更薄弱，你的利用价值完了，也就完了。所以，别老想着取悦别人，你越在乎别人，就越卑微。只有取悦自己，并让别人来取悦你，才会令你更有价值。一辈子不长…对自己好…
; 微笑吧 除了笑我什么都做不了。 
; 可是一切都回不去了。
; 很怀念以前有你陪伴的日子
; 伤都会好的
; 嗯 .. 哭过就好了
; 我相信时间久了 伤痕会淡掉的。。
RT : 若无其事，原来是最好的报复。 何必向不值得的人证明什么，生活得更好，是为了自己。
": It's amazing how you can fall in love with a person you didn't notice the first time you met them."
RT : I overthink when i'm alone
RT : I want to be the person you're scared to lose.
RT : Girls over think. Boys never think. ??
": My Best Friends: They always make me happy. Crazy. Funny. Annoying. Stupid. Young. Choppy. Unique."
RT : I miss how we used to talk about everything.
": It doesn't matter because no one can make me happy but you."
RT : I really hate that "not good enough" feeling.
RT : Believe with your eyes, not with your ears.
RT : Being strong doesn't mean you'll never get hurt. It means that even when you do get hurt, you'll never let it defeat yo…
RT : Girls never get mad for no reason. It may be over something small or stupid, but there's always a reason.
": 我们总喜欢给自己找很多理由去解释自己的懦弱，总是自欺欺人的去相信那些美丽的谎言，总是去掩饰自己内心的恐惧，总是去逃避自己犯下的罪行。但事实总是，有一天，我们不得不坦然面对那些罪恶，给自己心灵予救赎。—— 《追风筝的人》"
RT : 你不知道，我的心情一直被你左右。有时候，躲避是为了让自己不那么失望。
": When I care about someone, I really care."
; 每次都这样 看了都sienz
; 真爱睡。。。
; 就连自己看也看不清
; 为什么我还会特地去遇见你
; 伤的总会愈合。
; give up anything , and be strong . girl :) 
; 可不可以让我忘记你？
; 可不可以让我没依赖过你
; 可不可以让我没认识你
; 可不可以让一切回到原点
; 可不可以让时间回到以前
; 新年倒数 4天
; 难过也没用 没人会让你依靠 到最后难受的也是自己。
; 开心一点吧
RT : If you don't care, stop talking about it.
RT : 不知道从何时开始，那些曾经让我执着的人和事都变得可有可无，时间慢慢告诉了我，要学会说 I don't care。
