大紀元時報 - 台灣(The Epoch Times - Taiwan)... 


Great 2  know tat doctor also dun use antibiotics for their kids. My schoolmates who r pediatrician &amp; dentist share tis during CNY gathering
Pg traffic was Great on Eve and 1st day of CNY, no Jam at all. But, it is getting heavier today and I dun really enjoy liaoo...
恭祝大家馬上進步，馬上快樂，馬上成大业，馬上国秦民安，馬上風调雨順。。。。總之，馬上心想事成！ 
Lee Myung-Bak was mayor of Seoul (2002-2006) before becoming President of South Korea (2008-2013).   Mahmood... 
即然那么多執法缺口，不如合法化它及限制地區？ 
Join us to know why Sabah and Sarawak is the key to change for GE14! 
证严法师说：“如果一个父母常常担心他的孩子，他的孩子会没有福气；因为福气都被父母给担心掉了。”

师父又说：“如果父母希望他的孩子有福气，就要多多祝福他的孩子，而不是担心他的孩子。”... 
有一个朋友与我分享以下的智慧，我也与大家共勉之吧！

您認為快樂的，就去尋找。
          
您認為值得的，就去守候。

您認為幸福的，就去珍惜。

依心而行，無憾今生。

人生1條路： 
走自己的路。

人生2件寶：... 
Hidup Kangkung !!!! Hidup Barisan Nasional !!!! 
恭喜鎮東  当選柔佛DAP 主席！ 任重道遠。。。
2014开年之际，马来西亚人迎来新一波汹涌的'涨潮'。燃油、电费、食品乃至每一样日用品，价格无不猛然喊涨。分析员认为，政府在大选后不久就宣布涨价，显示国家财政状况日益严峻。另外，冰冻三尺非一日之寒，这一波涨潮背后，隐藏了我国经济... 
Dr M: Malaysia cannot build its way to high income  via @sharethis

Dr M is quite honest…
Wah! World Record !!!! 
Kalau bukan Kerajaan, Siapa ? 
": Ikea opens first store outside Klang Valley "
Another Milestone for  's PR Gov!
": The future of Penang is in Seberang Perai.
槟州的未来将是在威省。 "
Totally agree! Many potential to explore.
A friend send me this yesterday... 
We must free ourselves of the hope that the sea will ever rest. We must learn to sail in high winds.

Aristotle Onassis

2013 just ended 30 minutes ago...it is also the end of my 1st term as Councillor for MBPJ. I hope my contribution... 
New Calender for 2014....Happy New Year! 
还有什么不会漲價？ 假如漲價就可以让大財政表更健康，那么漲得有理。。。但是，可能嗎？ 
Rosmah's son buys RM110m condo in New York - Malaysiakini 

Wah! He must be Multimillionaire!!!
The Outdoor Advertising Association of Malaysia (OAAM) has strongly condemned an alleged unscrupulous attempt by... 
On my way back to KL, saw a trailer with no plate WUK 1683 which was driven recklessly. I called  and... 
":  Is it trial period or permanent?  ". It is trial.
   tentatively in Feb as tender documents are selling now.
Councillors lodge report with MACC over billboard contract 
Semua Naik!!! Sudah Bersedia??? 
On my way back to Pg for Christmas. Many things to do..Pg Food tat I missed and definitely a more lively Pg  under  leadership.
": 馬來西亞文具書業聯合總會會長鄭東星透露，該會計劃明年3月宣佈調漲文具書業的價格，漲幅介於20%至30%。"

在国陣的領導下，人民的生活是越來越苦。。。唉！
Enjoying the parades…. 
MBPJ was distributing rain coats to all Councillors. 
In last MBPJ Full Board meeting...Thanks to Fellow Councillor Richard Yeoh for this shot... 
Mesyuarat Penuh Majlis MBPJ     

Watch the Last Fullboard meeting of MBPJ session 2012/ 2013.
RT : 11 Mbpj councillors occupy IPD PJ to lodge a police report-fraud  &amp; corruption on a billboard case!D truth be told! ht…
Elken CCMI Spain Madrid on Astro Jia Yu Channel #304 !

Show time:-
 22/12(Sun)-  9.30-10pm

 23/12(Mon)... 
INFO AIR- Mbpj ada15 tangki yg blh guna. Lokasi yg dah htr spt berikut:
Kuaters sek 4/46, inai court, sek 17/13... 
Many exciting activities awaiting for you at PJ International Fair! 
Tony Pua is new Selangor DAP chief - Malaysiakini 

Congrats 2 ,, &amp; !
Dear frens/ residents of PJ, All this place gonna hv no water on 17th Dec :

Bandar Baru Sri Petaling;  Desa... 
SG  is giving Opening Speech at State Convention for DAP Selangor. 
1221 delegates attending DAP Selangor Convention. 
Chairman of DAP Selangor,  is giving welcoming speech at State Convention now. 
State convention for 17th DAP Selangor just started. 
Taklimat Publisiti Awalan di bawah Peruntukan Seksyen 12A, Akta 172, Terhadap Cadangan Draf Rancangan Tempatan PJ... 
Kidney disease is one of the costliest illnesses in the world and managing kidney disease is very expensive.... 
Will update once hv info. : KIDEX:Someon tell us what the setback is ? Usually one road width which is 66 feet, right?
There are 7 disciplines you must develop if you want to achieve all that is possible for you. You can learn these... 
2013年12月08日 - 金鑾-白沙羅大道雖已匯報路線圖‧330地段徵用成謎‧憂 - 大都會 - 地方 
RT : Tahniah kpd Sdr @suetsen, Sdr Shaari Othman, Sdri Mary E. Joseph dan Sdr Anthony T. Jeyaseelen kerana dipilih untuk memimpi…
国会议员该做什么？  

一个值得你我了解的课题.
Welcome on board, Sean Oon ! 
Putrajaya clueless about macroeconomic risks, says DAP  via @sharethis    Is Malaysian ready?
Taklimat pengubahan kpd rtpj1 &amp; rtpj2 akan diadakan spt berikut:
14 disember 2013(sabtu),
 bilik seminar tkt 1,... 
只有把公共交通系统搞好, 八打灵再也的人民才能有舒适的环境居住. Teng Chang Khim  Petaling Jaya City Council 
Latest info from LLM on Kidex when they briefed Petaling Jaya City Council this morning. Actual lots claimed by... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
FHR2 (Kidex) Interchange 
Proposed Jalan Harapan (Kidex) 
Proposed Sprint Interchange for Kidex. 
Proposed Kinrara Damansara Expressway (Kidex). 
Briefing by LLM to MBPJ on Proposed "approved alignment by Kidex" at NKVE and Bandar Utama Interchange. 
I do not agree with Kidex the building of it will off load 20-30% of traffic stress in PJ. Requested them to justify it. I think otherwise.
I hv proposed to LLM for Kidex to look into incorporating Public Transport features into it ie BRT, Elevated Walkway etc..
At  to attend the briefing of Kidex Highway by LLM. Tis is the main concerned Highway Project of PJ Residents.
Group photo with President of The Institution of Engineers Malaysia (IEM) and Speakers. 
Listening to questions from the participants. Petaling Jaya City CouncilThe Institution of Engineers Malaysia (IEM) 
Moderating the forum. Petaling Jaya City Council The Institution of Engineers Malaysia (IEM) 
Giving Momento to Ir Goh Bok Yam, the consultant of Petaling Jaya City Council for 1 way System. 
Giving Momento to 1st Speaker, Stuart Macdonald, fellow of Penang Institute 
Public Transport is the way to go! Teng Chang Khim 
Taking Bus with Dato Teng Chang Khim 
Thank you Dato Teng Chang Khim for Opening of the joint program with The Institution of Engineers Malaysia (IEM) 
All stake holders of PJ, Pls make your time to view and give feedbacks. 
Anytime u influence the thinking, beliefs, or development of another person, you're engaging in Leadership.
重新定位，確定方向，高峰見！ 
Malaysia should prepare for a crisis | Free Malaysia Today  via @sharethis. Agree with ! Should do it now
Tis is a 1! Ha Ha! 
": Penang govt spent 35% of cost incurred by BN for oversea trips ". Excellent Gov by  !
The 1st join Event with Institute The Institution of Engineers Malaysia (IEM) 
All PJ residents are welcome ! 
今早在報章上看到這十个在多變的世界里之不变的帶人之道，在此与你分亨：

1。領導者相信自己可以让世界有所不同
2。信誉是卓越領导不可或缺的基石
3。人們会为了价值而战
4。領导者与众不同，因为他們永遠向前看。... 
This is 1st joint program with The Institution of Engineers Malaysia (IEM) . All PJ Residents are Welcome to... 
很多人説成功要趁年輕，其宎，在愛康，失敗更要趁年輕。。。 
": “转角遇到匪”壁画没了！新山市政局于今午派员到新山百合花园，把画家恩纳斯的“转角遇到匪”壁画涂上白漆。（图片取自面子书） ". 要如何把馬來西亜的創意藝術提升呢？畫也要政冶化？
RT : Pertanyaan &amp; penyertaan Festival Antarabangsa PJ hubungi Jab. Perancangan Pembangunan 03 79563544 samb. 264/357/358 http…
PJ is moving toward "Livable and more Sustainable' City. Whether you are PJ Residents or not, Pls join us !!!! 
MBPJ's effort in getting "Greener" and more Sustainable is getting recognition Internationally... 







Let's fight Aedes! 
MB  officiating S'gor Gempur Aedes 2013 at SS3  .Attend together Mayor and . 
Ir Lee Suet Sen: Transit Oriented Development or Transport Oriented Development for PJ? 
We all learn from the Master. 
Thank you Dato  for becoming Opening VIP of 1st Joint Program between  and IEM on 3 Dec. # Urban Transportation
RT : Mahathir wants me dead but I pray that Mahathir will live to 100 years to see the decline and end of Mahathirism http://t.…
1 DAY WORKSHOP ON URBAN TRANSPORTATION IN PJ
Engaging Local Community Participation for Sustainable Urban... 
Transit Oriented Development or Transport Oriented Development for PJ?

Transit Oriented Development (TOD) is a... 
At  TOD Conference, MB  is giving Opening Speech. Hope tis 2 days Conf could englighen PJ Model of TOD.
Something is sure to be very wrong. 
Dear Residents of PJ, you are welcome to register for the Seminar. 

SENARAI NAMA KAKITANGAN MBPJ YANG BERSEDIA UNTUK BERTINDAK SEMASA KECEMASAN MULAI 1 hb NOV 2013

UNIT ADUAN
1.... 
Dear All PJ RA/ RT/ NGO etc, Pls update your info immediately with MBPJ for future EFT process (Electronic Fund... 
李嘉誠談「忙」，分析的很到位！

一個國家，皇帝忙，就代表將相無用。
一個軍隊，將軍忙，就代表凝聚力不夠。
一個家庭，支柱忙，就代表即將出現問題。
一個公司，老闆忙，就代表可用之人不多。... 
Why PMD have so much allocation and power? 
MBPJ is taking immediate action to prevent crime at Kelana jaya LRT Station. 
":  Can you  have a balanced survey?  ". Wat type of survey tat u r mentioning?
We really appreciated n thank you so much to Laoda老大美盛姐, MsPang, Suetsen&amp; Hueychuin, Cheeann/LeeEng and Upline... 
Please watch MBPJ Full Board Live !!! 
消費税真的可以提高国家收入或是国陣政府殺鵝取卵的捷俓？ 
MBPJ Councillors and Bukit Gasing ADUN having meal together at SS2.. 
Press Conference 
All Councillors show support to the project. 
The 1st 2 hour Parking at PJ launched today at Dataran Sunway. 
Really true.... 
MBPJ OSC hv instructed Urusetia to write a Reminder Notice to LLM regarding KIDEX as under Sek 18, Local Gov Act,... 
Allah decision against Constitution, gives Home Minister more power, says DAP 
Good thought for Malaysian future. 
你很有钱, 但你值钱吗?          【不要以為每個跟你談養生談保健的朋友都是想騙你的錢】－... 
Is time for everybody to know DAP in depth.... 
Hv proposed to  to get LLM to give briefing on their KIDEX alignment since it involves acquisition of land.
At  Budget 2014 presentation by Mayor. Allocation will be stressed on "Sustainability " of PJ. Feeder bus,in house Garbage etc
只要相信心的力量，每天往好的方向想，想这件事一定会做成功，想该如何能够做到成功，每天眼睛睁开都觉得很有希望，不停去做，就一定会完成。＜星云大师＞... 
": 郭鹤年答应捐献一亿令吉，建筑厦门大学马来西亚分校的图书馆大楼。". 這才是典范，也是我們要学習的榜樣！
Meet IEM to organise workshop for "Urban Transportation in PJ".1st workshop in pipeline after MOU being signed in Sept. 
": 2013/2014年度泰晤士高等教育世界大學排名出爐，美國加州理工學院連續3年蟬聯第一名，而哈佛大學及牛津大學則並列第二名。  大馬、印尼及菲律賓落得同樣命運，皆不在400大排名之內。" 我国教育制度再閉門造車， 永遠没有机会阻止人才外流！
Let's support Impian Sarawak! 
 is giving speech now at DAP Special Congress at 1 World Hotel. 
Pack till hv to stand... 
Elken Malay MSS 2013 by SAB Lee Suet Sen 6/6 
Elken Malay MSS 2013 by SAB Lee Suet Sen 5/6 
Elken Malay MSS 2013 by SAB Lee Suet Sen 4/6 
Elken Malay MSS 2013 by SAB Lee Suet Sen 3/6 
Elken Malay MSS 2013 by SAB Lee Suet Sen 2/6 
Elken Malay MSS 2013 by SAB Lee Suet Sen 1/6 

Talking serious matter with Mayor ? 
Full House at KLSCH to listen to  forum on "Whr are we heading to after 505?". 
 
505全国大选後的马来西亚，路在何方？且让民主行动党秘书长兼槟州首长林冠英，以及律师公会前主席杨映波与你共同探研。 
 said S'gor wil hv RM 1.7 Billion Revenue in 2014. 
The 1st Lady Speaker of Malaysia  is on the stage for S'gor budget dialogue 2014. 
Attending Majlis Dialog Belanjawan S'gor 2014. Tis is to make Budget become transparent and engaged wit Rakyat. 
1. 劉邦在40歲的時候連兵馬都沒有，最後建立起大漢王朝！

2.劉備在52歲的時候，仰頭問蒼天：我到底什麽時候才能成功啊？最後與曹操孫權三分天下！... 
Pls come and join  ,  and others to share wit u the situation of Crime in Malaysia. 



Opening by cutting Big Mooncake... 
I was giving Welcoming Speech on behalf of MBPJ. 
": 前重慶市委書記薄熙來受賄、貪污和濫權罪成，合併判處無期徒刑 、剝奪政治權利，並沒收所有財產。". 馬来西亜可能有這樣的判决嗎？ 哈哈！
 is giving Opening Speech at Pesta Tanglung  which is Co-organised wit Chempaka Buddhist lodge. 
Processed Meats Declared Too Dangerous for Human
Consumption
By Mike Adams

The World Cancer Research Fund (WCRF)... 
增加大道不一定可以解决交通阻塞, 重点应该放在提升公共交通设施. 
大理想都是因为完成很多小理想. 只要把民联执政的州及市管理得好, 什至栽培一群有实力及拥有执政布城的领袖. 
My Form 5 Chemistry Teacher, Mrs Goh. 
&gt; 200 pax of Chung Ling 86/88 at 25th Anniversary Dinner. 
Group of same class.... 
Official Opening by Chairman of CL88 organising committee. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
We hv donated &gt; RM130k to upgrade the Chemistry Lab of Pg Chung Ling high School...repay the school for giving us... 
Group photo of Chung Ling 86/88 tis morning.... 
駱文秀－鈡灵永遠的大慈善家。 
工藝樓- 鈡灵未來工程師／ 科学家的摇篮。 
Outside of my former Form 3I4 class....many Nostalgic memories r back.. 
Visiting the Invention and Robotic Club of PCLHS which hv Produced Champion in World Competition. 
Pg Chung Ling High sch Band, Cadets, Boys scouts etc marching Parade in Welcoming us "Back To School"! 
At 25th Anniversary of Pg Chung Ling High School, with my Head of class, Mr Sia who is a renowed lawyer in Pg now... 
DAP IMPIAN SARAWAK Fund-Raising Dinner 10Oct2013(Thur) 7.30pm@MBPJCivicHall. Speakers: LimKitSiang TeresaKok... 
全民可以依靠的政党 - 民主行动党! 
Pls come and celebrate Tanglung Festival together with us on 21 Sept 2013! 
The Mayor and President of IEM r so happy and excited to start the Professional engagement. 
MBPJ Councillors also looking forward a better and closer ties with Professional NGO. 
IEM will Full Force to support the MOU. 
Everybody is Happy for a Good Start, The Mayor, Deputy Mayor, Engineering Director and President of IEM. 
By having tis MOU, MBPJ is the 1st Local Council to establish close relationship with IEM. This MOU will embark... 
": Fate of Health Metropolis to be known at end-September ". After rounds of consultations with residents.
