过去的在过去 活着
却在最痛的时刻最感觉清澈,什么都会过去的
That should be me, weirdo•
Okay. It's been a week
RT : Don't just thank #God when everything is going right, thank him even when things may be challenging. #Jesus
RT : For all of life's simple pleasures, I say, "Thank You, God!"
RT : Sometimes, you have to smile to hide your fears and laugh to hide your tears.
Hell yeah XD   
RT : 如果你不爱，请放手，好让别人有机会爱她;如果你爱的人放弃了你，请放开自己，好让自己有机会爱别人。有的东西你再喜欢也不会属于你的，有的东西你再留恋也注定要放弃的，人生中有许多种爱，但别让爱成为一种伤害
RT : I can't go a day without listening to music.
Thankyou Lord for being so good to me ♡
       hayo, siapa tuh yg gak pulang?siapasiapa? ;)
       habis imlek ya ce :'( sedih
       iya2rita :* maksudku kyak di slp loh, buat kue dirumahku ;)
 bruakaka, ayok! Ntar kita ftoin trus tag ke    oke? :p  #thing udh kayak di slp :')
 wakaka, iyah lo. Bli yg 1jtaan okelah ce ;) udah tunggu lama , harus beli :* nnti makan" ya kita ce, pngen buat cream puff ♥
 habis imlek beli oven cece :*
Deco roll cake ♡
what? ._. .-. ._. .-.
Less than a month to go °\(^^)/°
Electric whisk
Oven oven oven
RT : 
RT : We are saved by the grace of God through faith on #Jesus Christ. It is all about who Jesus is and what He has done.
  好吧。。。。。。。。。。哈哈哈哈
  马上去! Lol 再忍耐meh ! 存钱呀 :D
RT : 不痛了, 没有难过了也没有开心。我什么都感觉不到了。=)
 wahaha,boelah . Move on dude :)
先别死呀姐姐, 说好了要去新加坡不是吗? :p 
RT : #Jesus is our Rock!! 
 事情总会过去的,耐心等待吧
RT : Those discussion after exam. I hate that .
Thankyou Jesus
RT : God let me accept the things I cant change, courage to change things I can &amp; the wisdom to know the difference.
RT : Jesus gives you inner peace. That peace is radiated out.
结果还是生病了
RT : 找回那个自信满满的你吧..:)  
Mom
RT : When trouble comes, always remember God is still there, He's working, and He has a plan for you.
RT : GOD LOVES YOU!
- He will be there for you.
- He will make a way for you.
- He will wipe away your tears.
- He will be you…
  wahahah,puasi de hun :p shopping ye
  jahaha, kok aku? Kmulah hun yiiii :p
Lol 
  kacengmu kenapa?Wahahaha prah :p
Sibuk bue? :/
  wahahha,te cai e hun de lbih lebay lagi :p
  thankyou for being there buddy , wahahaha 谢谢你们的鼓励 ciecie :* #lebay
Thanks  
but You've been good when life was not
RT : Ask God to remove anything in your life that is taking the place that belongs to Him.
RT : Thank you Lord for all your gifts: 
RT : If God changes your heart, be willing to change your plans.
RT : When you start focusing on a loving God who’s given everything &amp; stop focusing on what seems to be going wrong, you will s…
Seek first the Kingdom of God and the rest will be provided.
Everything's spinning out of control :o
Wahaha, i feel good :D
RT : You sin? God forgives.
You worry? God's in control.
You're empty? God restores.
You're alone? God is with you.
RT : This Christmas take a look beyond the spotlight in #JustinBieber's Believe! 
Tomorrow #wooo \(&gt;&lt;)/
RT : I’m usually that person who has no idea what’s going on
 
 fantastis , lol :D
RT : Baby Chipmunk: 
Supercalifrajilisticexpealidocous
RT : My job is to take care of the possible, and trust God with the impossible.
RT : Sometimes you may feel God is hard on you &amp; doesn't love you... Truth is He Loves you to much to leave you the way you ar…
RT : May the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, &amp; the love of God, &amp; the fellowship of the Holy Spirit be with you all. -2Cor 13:14
 cant help it :'(
 jahahah, kerja ce. Paise" :p brpa hari dsni?
 seheyy :p tgl brpa lai ce?
RT : But even when I'm afraid, I keep on trusting You. -Psalm 56:3
RT : God let me live the life you have planned for me.
Fuzzy
RT : "Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see." 
~Mark Twain
 hahh,nih lg mau makan :p
 nnton apa coba? starving ._.
 lg nunggu pencairan kredit, blum bisa makan ._.
 yeah, "hours" one of paul walker's final movies ._.
"Hours" i'm waiting ._.
RT : The only people you need in life are the ones that need you in theirs.
RT : Ask the Lord #Jesus to come into your life, and your life will get better each day.
RT : Place your desires before God. Pray about them and trust God to give them to you if and when they’re right for you.
RT : God has a bright future in store for you!
 - Keep standing
 - Keep believing
 - Keep hoping
RT : For we are God's workmanship, created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do. -Eph 2:…
 puasi de hun :p  aku kg mau nnton lo~seheyy
  lebay hun, lol :p
RT : The lyrics in your favorite song express everything that you struggle to say or express to others.
RT : When I call on Jesus all things are possible
 love is the moment~ 
RT : His LOVE is forever. 
RT : Jesus never said it would be easy, but He said it would be worth it! (Matt 7:13-14)
RT : I have faith that God is living out a divine plan through me. Have faith in God. -Mark 11:22
RT : God doesn't require us to succeed; he only requires that you try. -Mother Teresa
RT : God will never lead you wrong.
RT : Stay strong, be positive. We all struggle sometimes.
RT : If you stay, stay forever.
If you go, do it today.
If you change, change for the better.
If you talk, make sure you mean …
RT : Praise the God &amp; Father of our Lord Jesus Christ! He is the Father who is compassionate and the God who gives comfort. - …
RT : people need to realize this... 
RT : I don't know how people can fake whole relationships... I can't even fake a hello to somebody I don't like
RT : A thankful attitude releases so much joy in your life. Wherever you go, give thanks to God!
RT : ... I am with you always -Matthew 28:20
RT : Commit to the LORD whatever you do, &amp; your plans will succeed. -Proverbs 16:3
RT : Delight yourself in the LORD &amp; he'll give you the desires of your heart. -Psalm 37:4
RT : By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another.  #Jesus http://…
RT : But even when I am afraid, I keep on trusting you. -Psalm 56:3
RT : This is the day which the LORD has made; let us rejoice and be glad in it. -Psalm 118:24
 loso :p
RT : Give your heart to Jesus Let Him take control. Give your life to Jesus; He will save your soul. #Jesus #soul
And i get homesick :'|
RT : If you can believe, all things are possible to him who believeth. -Mark 9:23
RT : I will never doubt that God has gotten me though every hard moment in my life.
喉咙好痛 :|
Boomboomboom , nah
 penuh roy, penuh ._. Lol
 boom, sepi ☂
RT : God-given struggles don't come to stay, they come to pass. Just be patient. Wait while God works for you.
RT : If we confess our sins, he is faithful &amp; just &amp; will forgive us our sins &amp; purify us from all unrighteousness. -1John 1:9
RT : You will turn back to me &amp; ask for help, &amp; I will answer your prayers - Jer 29:12
RT : To find Jesus, start in the heart.
RT : We know that all things work together for good for those who love God. -Rom 8:28
 mkay, thanks
 boomboomboom
Hey ._.
RT : For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans to prosper u &amp; not to harm you, plans to give you hope &amp; a fu…
RT : If you want to give the devil a nervous breakdown, get up every day and be as happy as you can possibly be!
 I see! Emciaa -_- hahaha
 nopenope. Song sii ya last day --"
 emm. Boomboomboom ._.
 hen huaa, cuni oe?♡ lol :')
 ahahahha, skali" gpp kan ce ♡ lalala~
 song siii ♥
 哈哈!考试考得怎么样?
You don't know how nice that is but i do :)
RT : Decide today that you won’t give up on your dreams and desires. Keep pressing forward, believing that you are anointed an…
RT : Smile, things are working out. You may not see it now, but just know God is directing you.
RT : There’s nothing that you can’t overcome with God on your side.
  apa hun? Cin ai tau lau diet ho ,lol :D
 eheh? :p haahah
It all turns out Great  :')
RT : Always be in prayer for loved ones who have not accepted Christ as their savior
 nah, i know buddy :* thanks, YOLO ! Lol
 afraid of what could be, all or nothing? I cant give up!@FenzAriesna
  aih aih, i'm terrified :'|
  nah, i love you guys :* lol
 euh cece :* lol. I'm counting on you and 
  ahun emg geli ee, lol :p
RT : The Lord… is a shield for all who take refuge in him -Psalm 18:30
RT : Life is God's novel.  Let him write it.  -Isaac Bashevis Singer
RT : Don't worry; it never helps anything.
• Pray
• Trust God 
• Let it go
Stop dreaming, start believing
RT : Faith in God changes everything.
RT : If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth. Mark 9:23  #jesus
RT : If you can't get someone off your mind - pray for them - you may be the only one that cares enough to do so.
 ._. O ouuu
RT : Don't forget to pray today, because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning.
RT : Accept the risen Jesus into your life. Even if u have been far away, take a small step towards him: he awaits you w/ open…
show me Your way
RT : A true friend is one who thinks you're a good egg even if you are half-cracked 
 :'(
RT : PSALM 40 Praise for answered prayer   
RT : Your baggage isn't too heavy for Jesus.... cast your care on Him! 
RT : If I could tweet this a hundred times I would.. #iloveyoumom 
RT : Seeing a guy play with little kids is the most attractive thing ever
Jesus please help me through this
 ._. I'm going to die
How am i supposed to get angry when... :|
RT : Worrying is wasting energy on the things you can't control. Leave everything in God's hand. Think less, pray more.
RT : my kind of salad 
RT : I swear my mood can just change in like 0.3 seconds
RT : don’t flirt with me i’ll probably panic and kill you
RT : Life is better when you're laughing.
RT : 2 things a girl wants:  

1) Lose weight. 
2) Eat.
RT : Dear God, I just wanted to say Thank You.
RT : sometimes good things fall apart so better things can come together.
RT : We all have setbacks in our yesterdays. But your past doesn’t define your future. Today is a new day.
RT : 回忆是一件很美好的事 ☺
 happy birthday 北极熊! Sukses yah. Lol, ditunggu trktrnny :p
RT : "I'll pretend I'm okay with it all, act like there's nothing wrong." - Kelly Clarkson
Give thanks in all things, thanks #jesus :)
I don't know what's going on  ._.
RT : Everyone needs a little weird in their life
 okay ,udah kok thanks for asking! :)
 ._. You!
 what is it? :/ lol
 demi lovato-lightweight
Seems too good to be true, could this really be a safe place to fall? ._.
 jahahahhaa, jm 8.30. Ntar ku bbm dirimu aja yah.lg siap" lol
 ahahaha, tumben kmu bangunnya pagi amat?
 yg di jkt oi, kalo batuk makan obat mah. Lol
 lololol &gt;&lt;
Jesus you are my bestfriend and you will always be :) #pray
 narsis yah cece yanwi :P wahwahwah
RT : I love hearing "saw this and thought of you"
Hell yeah! 
 kasi tau gak yah? Lol! Eat that :p again
 okay, dont give a shit ._.
 you!
RT : Be strong and of good courage, do not fear... for it is the Lord your God who goes with you. -Deuteronomy 31.6
