 It wasn't me, but he said he didn't wait long. It's no wait if you buy a big box of 原味!
RT : 【國人最愛的KTV PK大評比】 錢櫃 vs. 好樂迪  

根據目前我們的研究發現，錢櫃和好樂迪受歡迎的程度竟然不相上下! 你覺得呢？留言你比較喜歡哪一個:  

1. 錢櫃 
2. 好樂迪 
 The few TW friends eating them next to me didn't complain about them being too sweet, &amp; liked the texture better than Mr Donut
 Far as I know, all those crazy people wrapped around the building are waiting to choose flavors!
 Same. These were brought in by someone else. In any case, you don't have to stand in line if you buy a dozen original flavor. :)
We meet again, Krispy Kreme. You haven't changed one bit.  
 I usually just click away from those kinds of sites, but this time I actually needed the information. Argh.
In front of my neighbor's door. Oh God no.... Whatever it is they are doing, please let it be done before I go home? 
 Here and there. But this is a spectacular fail like no other!
He's going to kill me for this, but... have a cat-tastic birthday, ! 
Good morning! 台北，早安！

#taipei #nofilter  
 It's telling me my Flash on Chrome app/iOS needs updating. Haven't seen a Flash incompatibility warning in ages!
 The roving cars were impressive (not). 1st time I've ever felt tempted to write a complaint email re: a non-membership site!
 I went there looking for specific info. 10 mins &amp; 3 seizures later, still hadn't found it!
RT :  
超級爛的設計！Whatever company made this awful website for ATT4FUN should be banned from ever building another. 
Instagram Is The Fastest-Growing Social Site Globally, Mobile Devices Rule Over PCs For Access | TechCrunch 
RT : Before you take your next flight, check out our @Foursquare list of the best airport restaurants: 
 You're not covering the more important details, Hill.
RT : Welcome to APAC! Have u met ? RT  Twitter looks like it has big plans for Asia this year ht…
RT : 你餓了嗎？來看看我們 TOP 10 火鍋料理排行榜！  

看完你可以用WhatsTheNumber訂位！ 
免費下載： 
RT : 台灣都瘋什麼：火鍋界熱湯滾滾，鼎王稱霸 — StorySense Computing: Makers of WhatsTheNumber!  #whatsthenumber 來自 
RT : 請幫我們填 KTV 問卷! RT : 你愛唱歌嗎？跟我們分享你對於KTV的意見！  
RT : "Trying too hard to be happy makes people miserable." 
Giant shadows.  
Classing it up with  on a Monday night.  
RT : Science! :D by  (h/t ) 
#TEDx Taipei Happy Hour~  
Looking for good examples/templates for complex team workflow diagrams. Ideas?
RT : MT  "No, Beijingers are NOT watching fake sunrises on giant TVs because of pollution"    tec…
 Block Candy Crush altogether and you don't have to. :)
RT : 還沒決定要吃什麼嗎？來看最夯的火鍋店是哪家！

你最愛的火鍋店不在榜上嗎？告訴我們！ 
Because pedophiles always knock, clearly. RT : A man knocking on doors asking about a kid causes panic 
Twitter is for narcissists, Facebook is for egotists. 
RT : “: World of Taipei Metro. Awesome! Go make a RPG for it! ” //cc 
Rather flawed, given lack of connection btw Twitter &amp; most of these: "New abbreviations spread by ppl on Twitter" 
Taiwanese people sure do love hot pot.
 
 不知是吃的，Zara，Uniqlo在台北忠孝敦化開幕時，每天有人排很久，那時候我一直想為甚麼今天一定要買衣服？改天不會比較方便嗎？排吃的我也不能理解，餓的時候我不想排隊，我看到排隊的人我想問“你不餓嗎？”
RT : Putting the ‘game’ back into gamification: 4 ways to successfully gamify your brand 
RT : It's 2014 and there are businesses that still don't respond on twitter/facebook/email. WHYYYYY!! #annoyed
What does Velveeta go for in the US these days? These are $13 USD!  
Window Spider, you seem to have grown over the past few weeks. We may need to relocate y...  
住台灣？有空分享你對於KTV的意見嗎？ Live in #Taiwan and have time to share your opinions about KTV? 
 不只是美國人說排甜甜圈的人瘋了，聽過好多台灣朋友一樣說，開幕時當然有些美國人也去排隊，但Krispy Kreme已經開了超過一個月，還要等2-3小時。台灣人很愛排隊，認為要排隊的東西最好吃，是值得，大部分的美國人如果要排很久的話，會說不值得改天再來吧
 This tweet is dedicated to you! 
Sharing the day's haul. Starting to wonder if buying the stickiest flavor was a good call.  
Gratuitous meat shot.  
Sausage party.  
Obligatory 年貨大街 lantern photo.  
Mission accomplished. #sausage  
RT : 你愛唱歌嗎？跟我們分享你對於KTV的意見！  
  It was great! Really tender and not too sweet. It's at  ()
Impossible to capture how giant (or delicious) this apple tart is.  
Gorgeous afternoon. #taipei  
你或你的朋友有在台灣的KTV工作經驗嗎？願意被訪問嗎？ Know anyone who works/ed in a Taiwan KTV (at any level)? I'd like to interview them re: their experiences.
 Thanks very much! I use touch pad only &amp; the disappearing scrollbars only appear on hover after several tries. Frustrating.
Dear : your thin scrollbars (on Mavs/Chrome) grow more impossible by the day. Please offer some relief? 
Interesting look at Uber's hiring process 
Good tips for cross-cultural small talk (though I could do without having to answer "Where are you from?" ever again) 
Bruno Mars to hold first Taiwan concert in April 
New Twitter layout went live for me since last night. Disorienting at first. A bit too bright, weird menu bar alignment. More tweaks coming?
Report: Flipboard-like Facebook reader coming this month 
推薦序/《以小勝大：弱者如何找到優勢，反敗為勝？》 
The bung vs. squid segment had me laughing aloud on the MRT:
Doppelgängers | This American Life 
  This tweet made me recall staying up late to listen to Loveline at age 16. Then I cry-puked about feeling old.
RT : Take a look  RT : . – Ahoy! You might enjoy these "retronyms" … 
RT : Literally the most important journalism I've ever seen in my life (via )  http://t.co/RIMAOGB…
  I think they're deceptive. Good humor is hard to achieve in half a dozen words. And finding the right photo~~ needs a PhD!
 Quick check says the one I saw right before your tweet is indeed a mutual friend. And the meme...yeah. Definitely requires talent!
 It appears we've just experienced the same meme. Responding to your tweet feels so meta.
Great resource for aspiring screenwriters: screenplay downloads of films released last year (Gravity, Gatsby, etc) 
Might as well be Buzzfeed, but still fun reading: "10 things Taiwan does better than anywhere else" 
What Happens When You Don't Like a Friend's Work? 
I don't even like this song, but still amused: Ask Siri “What Does The Fox Say” And You Won’t Be Disappointed 
Noah Kagan's systematic take on resolutions is worth a read. Some nice takeaways. 
趕快去投票！ "2014第七屆臺北藝穗節-主視覺圖象徵選-觀眾票選" 
A lovely contribution from : 
Yikes: "It’s A Race To The Bottom: Only 1 App In 10,000 Will Be A Financial Success By 2018" 
 
Foreign spouses set to receive protected status in labor pension plan  
 
Needed this 2 days ago! "5 ways to get through writer's block or content marketing fatigue"  via @BelleBethCooper
How attraction turns you into a dummy: 
RT : Men make up 79 percent of e-reader users in Indonesia (INFOGRAPHIC) 
RT : Where does obesity come from? 
 You had me at cute men ;)
RT : “The Best Brands I Discovered in 2013” by  
Get consistent sleep or you're asking for trouble. 
Winamp Rises From the Ashes, Will Live On Under Radionomy 
 got it! Thinking this weekend? Will send you a proper response in a bit.
RT : Understanding why we need our whore pills. 
Firsthand stories are always enlightening: "How I became a PM" 
Cute, but curious why it took 4 months: "Giant rocking horse expected to set world record constructed in Yilan" 
Mom of Allergic Student Sues School for Serving Eggs, Milk 
RT : Chinese e-commerce giant Taobao 'forces' Taiwanese buyers to pick 'Taiwan province' as their address | 
 Thanks. This isn't the first time, which I guess is how I know to dread it. Just staying occupied all day every day helps.
Cool story on an accidental startup: "What’s a Startup?" 
Seriously? "Taiwanese tour groups head to Bangkok despite protests" 
  I find terminal illness more troublesome than death itself. Also more guilt-inducing being abroad. :/
 Lots of ppl apply in HK, tho. You can't apply in TW (passport has to be sent to HK anyway), so should be fine. Check Forumosa?
 What? That's not true, though.
 Only if it's Mr. Brown! And naturally, I probably won't want to talk about it (avoidance!), but we should catch up nonetheless
 That's something I struggle w/ every time someone is near the end (incl right now, in fact). Hard to show courage and face it.
 Exactly. I really like reading epitaphs -- everyone is loved in death. You don't see "Good riddance" on gravestones.
 I think we tend to want to just forget that death even happens. I know I'm guilty of it. I don't even want to think about it.
 I get that re: visiting cemeteries, especially in Taiwan. Ppl miss that cemeteries honor life &amp; are full of love.
”How Come Yesterday’s Free-Range Moms are Today’s Helicopter Grandmas?“ 
RT : 20 great examples of website footer design:  via 
 Same here, most are just a few sentences here and there. Then again, 台語 isn't at all necessary, only occasionally useful for 外國人
Not a bad idea, given the state of banking here: "Chunghwa aims to be leader in payment services" 
Odd -- commented today that the China Post RSS feed no longer works, now it's suddenly active. Thank you, anonymous China Post stalker. :)
 Would be interesting to see an analysis of how necessary and/or authoritative those initial print sources were.
 Interesting, but as data-driven as we are these days, humans seem less valuable as sources, though they help bulk up the word count
 哈，謝謝～認識新朋友要找主題聊，可是通常只是路人而已，排隊時，坐捷運，坐計程車，一個人吃飯～台灣人很少主動跟陌生人聊可是看到外國人時，會突然變成很主動的人！可是我知道雖然很無聊，是好奇而已，因為台灣只有兩萬多住台灣的外國人，難得有機會跟我們聊，啊哈哈哈
 台灣朋友認識我幾個月之後也會開始發現這個問題，聽到其他台灣人問我從哪裡來的，朋友會主動解釋，說「她住台灣很久，etc」因為朋友開始沒有耐心，開始覺得這種問題太無聊，他們已經知道我哪裡有趣，那裡很無聊，所以他們想讓別人比較快發現！
 老實說我希望永遠不再聽到「你從哪裡來的？」這種問題，因為好像已經聽過幾萬次（快九年在台灣，每天至少聽到一兩次），還有我常常感覺到我不是人，我是外國人～其實我覺得我自己很有趣，很 nice，但是通常沒有機會討論比較有趣的部分
RT : 在台灣最有創新思維的行業應該是詐騙集團。 #fb
 I just don't get why people aren't addressing the problem. The fix is really easy, unless their accounts are compromised.
Looks like this is the artist of the #Sherlock poster. So awesome: 
Spotted this classic hand painted Taiwanese movie style poster for #Sherlock at Eslite. Super cool. #Taipei 
Spam photo tags on FB are reaching a ridiculous frequency among friends in or connected to Taiwan. Why why why don't ppl use tag review?
 I do stuff like that when in the US, responding to ppl w 沒有啦 or 好啊. The worst, tho, is always using 嗯 - ppl must think I'm rude
 很有趣耶！
 嗯，我自己有上過節目，其實我覺得節目根本不了解外國人在台灣的經驗，想問「你敢吃臭豆腐嗎？」不敢問「你覺得台灣的缺點是什麼？」，在外面也會有台灣人想聽我講國語但是沒注意到我在說什麼。好朋友比較ok，很好奇我對台灣的看法，可是陌生人一開始都不聽我的話
Maybe I'm missing sth bc of the cheap unlimited data in Taiwan, but is this surprising? "Texting Nearing Extinction?" 
 所以你覺得這些外國人了解台灣嗎？我一直在想，台灣人看到會不會想「外國人幹嘛說台灣怎麼樣？他們根本不懂我們的國家，我們的文化」
  So, in short, it's more blatant here. Diff majority/minority, but the minority has no voice, no rights
  I've heard similar. Friend once hired a Filipino-American, then the higher-ups asked "Why did you hire a maid?!"
  That's a good way to put it. The hierarchy seems to stem from economics, but then has morphed into racism.
  Looked down upon by many others, racist comments, very little interaction when avoidable.
  Outward &amp; unapologetic, I guess. Thais/Fils are largely domestic/factory workers, abused by employers.
Let these families have some peace already. MOI backing off would be the stronger move, long-term.  
"發現富人默默在做的35件事" 
RT : Twitter rolling out refreshed website to match the look &amp; feel of its iOS and Android apps ➤  http://…
問一下台灣推友：看到YouTube上的“老外唱中文歌” 或 “老外講台語” 或 “老外說台灣怎麼樣”那種影片你會看嗎？你覺得如何？
  That is, Taiwanese v. other Asians w darker skin, esp Thai/Filipino. There is little conversation re: race here.
 Yes, I saw. And what I mean is if we've seen the historical/modern results of generalization, we should all know better by now
Twitter's bundling of tweets in a convo makes it really hard to follow when a thread gets quite long. #whatilearnedtoday
 Generalization is the enemy -- it's how racism starts (all ______ people are...), and that's what I take issue with.
 However, I should not have used the word racist originally. It's a flawed label, and I chose my words poorly.
 Generalizations about races are flawed. I'm tired of the antagonism. Zero-sum framing hurts us all, harms communication.
  I agree. And the problem occurs when ppl think they're talking about the same thing when they're not.
  Which is why it's unfortunate we use one word to describe all. The word "racism" itself lacks the nuance needed.
  I'm guessing most white ppl think of blatant racism when talking about race bc that's what makes news
  Guess that's the thing. 2 kinds of racism, blatant vs. underlying
The China Post RSS feed has stopped working, Taipei Times RSS is still headline only. I get why, but still not buying an actual paper.
 I spend a lot of time trying to figure out what engineers are talking about. It's like they're speaking a robot language!
RT : Yet another reason to learn to code: you save time in misunderstandings with technical co-founders if you know what they’…
  I'm trying, it's why we're still talking. But what do you need that I, as an individual, have to offer?
RT : A man is shot for texting at the movies &amp; the NYT thinks it "underscores the debate abt using smartphones in public" http:…
  I have, too, some good, some bad, but I think not seeing ppl's faces makes it easy to dehumanize each other.
  That's for sure. Twitter is a great connector &amp; a great divider. Put us all in a room, I think the tone wd change
 or 2) show your own value. I think the  immigration campaign does #2 quite well
 there are diffs, of course, but it's akin to political debate. There are two main paths: 1) show why the other side sucks
 Culturally 原住民 are now revered, but there have been lots of land rights issues, targeted seizures, similar to the US.
 I think the one exception is with 原住民, I've heard things were quite different before, but the govt has changed its attitude a bit
 I don't feel personally antagonized (by the original tweet), but I think labeling is antagonistic &amp; hinders discussion
 Same. Adult friends as well, every week. Kids are teachable, but it's hard to know how to respond w adults, especially older ones
 That's a good question. Truthfully, it's the antagonism. Labeling ppl doesn't lead to understanding, it just widens gaps
 I've heard the same. Racism here is a whole different animal, but I guess racial homogeneity is the biggest factor.
 Lumping ppl together in any way without accounting for differences is the problem, whatever word we use to label it.
 That's kind of the moral, I guess. When both sides say "You're not trying to understand my point," we all lose.
 My original point was that calling all ppl of one race something is in itself racism and doesn't help the conversation.
 He used to be mostly a TV host, then disappeared due to a scandal, now he's mostly doing movies. He was last in 雞排英雄, I think?
 I had high hopes bc it's my hood &amp; I like 豬哥亮's other stuff, but wasn't impressed with the trailer. :/
 只是你們公司嗎？還是中華電信？我家裡的網路這禮拜不穩定，好煩～
RT : Startup designs drones to protect endangered animals from poachers 
  So being the subject of racism entitles one to be racist? Generalizations about white ppl: also racist.
RT : Over the past two years, Seattle has seen a 90% rise in visitor numbers from China. Because of a movie. http://t.co/57mao0…
RT : This is pretty much how I look for life partners 
 Same here. Interesting to see other folks express familiar unease.
Home stretch on a fun project, but too tired to feel the joy of the accomplishment. That seems utterly unfair. Totally and comple- *snooze*
 Welcome, my friend. Also, suddenly realizing I have had no bacon in 2014. Feeling like a failure now. #baconless
 My resolutions plan: 1. Do absolutely nothing different. 2. Feel good about myself for succeeding. 3. Celebrate with bacon.
For the resolution-makers among us:

"New Year’s Advice from Epictetus: Don’t Get Started" 
 The "predictably" and "reading Tv" ones look good, also "prime nos." I'll photo some of mine this evening!
 Me too. No worries! What's funny is I just gave away several of these. :)
 Invisible books? Yes! :P
RT : Instagram's Founder On Why A Small Team Isn't Always A Good Thing 
 Yeah -- I think most writers ignore that the "best" way isn't the same for everyone. It's not so black and white. :)
 Ah, easy to forget Taipei weather varies. This is near Daqiaotou MRT. Brighter than the photo looks. 
 Really? Pretty nice here near Dadaocheng. Overcast, but no rain. (No sun either, but better than those awful December weeks!)
Smart collaboration: Pizza Hut Sold $1 Million in Pies Through Xbox 360 App 
 This CEO has some good points but I think she's also just trying to get attention by disagreeing with Lean In.
 Tho this part about Lean In is not at all true: "She believes women should accommodate the office culture"
Can we all just agree that Business Insider is just Buzzfeed with a business-y color palette and fewer gifs?
RT : Zen Pencils reruns: TIM MINCHIN "Be hard on your opinions" 
 Another smug "I'm the only white guy who understands (Asian country)" article. Someone should start a Tumblr for these. :)
 Well,  seems to think so.
Gmail says I have no new messages. This feels like having a doctor say nothing's wrong. Bullshit -- I know they're in there!
 I saw one of these in an airport in 2012 (Boston, I believe). I'm guessing they're in lots of locations by now?
  I find none of those apps user friendly. Have to use Google Maps directions to find the bus no. first!
 RT : 
 Ha -- thanks for the verification! (I used to teach math, so it'd be embarrassing if I messed something up!)
 ((-42/2)+32)^2+((3*1/3)-(3^3))+(36/9+(0.5*4))

:)
99+2  
  This is your doing! :) 
肯夢悅日人獎頒獎典禮 ~ Daymakers everywhere :)  
Taipei weather got me again. Put on leggings &amp; winter coat, went out to find it's 22C. Thank goodness I had the foresight to wear flipflops!
 It's def been on my list. Haven't left TW in over a yr &amp; getting antsy! I'll try to reach my friend tonight. He'll be there a week
 Sadly, never been myself, but I actually have a startup friend landing in JAK this afternoon. I should put you guys in touch!
Have to be across town in 1hr. Too lazy to get moving. Struck w the thought that human teleportation won't happen in my lifetime. #sadtweet
