到头来，碰伤了，又到回原点
那，曾经敞开的心，关闭了，是否又得再一次小心翼翼地打开？
一年？两年？十年？
一个从零开始认识的人，到底要多久才能真正彻彻底底的深入了解呢？
从新让别人认识你，好累
 sui bian la
 so you eat cafe or come back?
 eh come back for breakfast? if yes gonna do egg de lo
RT : Stone cold heart. How long can I take this?
 me too :(((
RT : I wish i was at bukit kledang again this morning.
 go slap
你就是我的翅膀 #np
Great great saturday morning.
PSLP
好了，和兵说话怎样都是有理说不清啊！我们从此一刀两断
噢，不要对号入座哦！母狗怎么能吐出象牙啊？
所以，一个连自己都不能接受的人，怎么能接受别人而生活？
OH GOSH CAN SOMEONE GIVE THEM EXTRA BRAINS?
Too bad some people are just blinded for their wrong doings. AND MOST RIDICULOUS THING IS, THEY THINK THEY ARE DOING RIGHT.
Baby you're all I see #np
#np Sunday Morning
Wanted to have a Vladimir and Vera Nabokov relationship!
 thats how they earn sis hahahaha
 why why?
RT : Bedroom Spa, Bedarra Island, Australia 
In my list now RT   Poppy Field Sunset, Oxfordshire, England 
 i tell you you last minute go also ok
 SHOULD HAVE ASK YOU TO MORNING CALL ME T.T WOKE UP LATEEEEE
 i like mine wheeee
 abo
 EMOTOTHEMAXWOKEUPLATENOGOSWIMMING TT
  just 10 percent  niaaaa
RT : Okay beyotch haha RT  : when life is an effing pin in the ass, chin up and smile,keep walking bitch
The desktop background is omaigoshly sweet. Sleep tight love.
Swimming tomorrow! Wheeeee
Hmm come to think of it, to have a controller in your life who don't really know where is his wrong doing, kinda pathetic.
Anyway is none of my business anymore. Get on your way and take your bitch with you.
I always thought friendships are supposed to be hold on, not to be used to threaten to break it off. Good job I have been blinded for years.
 nahh you will still defend her. good night
 its like having a friend who dont really want to befriend with you. who is ridiculous now
Typical bitch. Sleeping with a bad mood good night.
 suan le fan zheng i wont talk to her anymore so lansi
 at least we know each other ma. so next time just dont talk to her unless she talk to me is it?
 ohhh. so next time i dont talk to her lo. since she wants you more hymp hurt dao &lt;/3
 kan i told you how she react to me
 jemimah ah???
  no need one. you study also equals to no study. better take a nice rest and go sleep early
Starting to open up the heart.
 opps hahahah
 is that the vennesa and louie i know??? :DD
 semangat
RT : #Pisces is a lazy texter, unless they like you.
Great. I should modify my result again.
 so every week he will be back laaaaa okkkkkk
UI AHPEK  SO IS IT ON OR NOT NEXT WEEK
 hahaha your ga got so cham or not
  nah she also need to go site. quite challenging too
 yea that is what make me stop. job
 its harder when no love
 my craving arrrr
 parents wont so stupid let their kids see de la if they love their kids
 got transport sure can belanjaaa
RT : Eye for an eye, and we'll all be blind
 and i want to eat also! next week how? after test? you ask yoke loon also go laaaaaaaa
That is the skill of not putting all eggs in the same basket.
I think even best friends must have own privacy and space as well.
 bake liao you wont eat also. AND YOU PROMISE TO MAKE ONE FOR ME!
 for kids?
 you wont hate. you will feel deeply hurt. so dont love that much
 you just need to stuff icecream and wipe baking chocolate and fence up with kitkat EASY!
 my tongue arrr
 KEE YUHANG I ALREADY PRINT SCREEN THIS AND I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!
 dont say bojio if i got cake hymp!
 my heart arrrr
 BABI!
Its 730pm. Thunder is about there. Rain is nearer.
 klau suka mana kisah dia kembang ke gemok??????
RT :   xmau ar.. i thu u nk cheryl
  hymppppp kena training dgn kawan dulu. training pun xpass!
  ISH X ROMANTIC YOU LANGSNG!
 i share with you MUAHHAHAHAHAA
  like i said you cannot judge like this ahhhhh
  xgentleman laaaaa kan jaaaaa?
  TAPI..... klau kena kan i nak hadir kenduri!!
FAK I WANT THIS 
  BABIIIII GIRLS LIKEEE~
  keeyuhang you cannot judge like this. if i ask you to wear dress for at least 8 months for charity can you?? 24/7?
 yg tu foya foya xnakkkkk
 but he is niceeeeeeee &lt;3
  i want a job that i like like cheng you qing!
 put down as in job as wellllll
 of courseeeeee
 i lab until 6pm ahhhhhhhhhhhh. 33 rounds??????? wow!!
  ishhhhh kwen je jaa niiii xbleja icecream pun
  UMI NK KE???? ;DDD
 anuar??? jd bini ke??? xnak xnak XNAKKKK
 pizza hut not best &gt;&lt;
  too bad. rabi jgn bagi i tgk you kahwin dgn batch kite!
 pizza hut ke?
  x rabi. i tgh scouting gentleman kat batch kitaaaaa. *triple wink*
RT : Hahahhaa..bleh la RT ":  girl is your name sya? Coz i da lama syayang kat you"
  i belanja??????? spatutnya laki yg belanja tau! *wink wink*
逃，快逃
 rich nyeeeeee
 keep trying. sure can get over :))
Jealous. Its ok I tomorrow swim!
hao lei oh. lei de chuan bu guo qi lai
WHY SO MANY THINGS NEED TO BE DONE???!?!??!!??!
 you ok ke?
 :(
 marry a rich husband lo
Cant swim then jog!
 WHILE WORKING AHPEK
 i just want to travel while working haihhhhhh
 i still in lab :(
 i want to be engineer. But i want to travel. Trying to be traveling engineer
 later tell you
 very confusing
 thinking my dreams
毕业后？
谁愿意放下一切而追逐自己的梦想？
 he never share about his wife haha
 they went back one hour ago
好想去旅行
He is the best!!! 
Ying liao lo. Bu neng you yong Liao lo
HEN JIU AHHHHHHHH
现在就开始两个人的旅行
 too bad confident is my trait!!
 of course please
Its ok. But to ask us not to chat? Its way too much.
Now the lecturer expect us to study the lab manual over and over again when we wait fot result.
WTF.
 if i finish lab before 430 i go swim
 you are in lab?
Don't think you know everything. I am just giving you chance babi.
 AHHHHHHHHHH
去死这种人
有些人就是不懂得知足
I am blessed in all way. Until the GA wakes me up from sleep. TMD
 shuddup
 bila??????
They said have courage and I am trying to.
FRIDAY SUPPOSED TO BE TGIF PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
TMD SO FARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
I DONT WANT TO GO LAB AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I hate princess aka puffy sleeves.
Swim or not to swim later?
AHHHHH ITS BUZZFEED AGAIN!
 XNAK XNAK XNAK TT
SODA GREEN CONCERT AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Out of the 6, 3 are due to Sapura holdings.
14 out of 20 richest man in Malaysia, are chinese. WTH how come they can earn so much.
 escape park jom.
可是在这忙得死去活来的生活，怠惰真是一种奢侈啊！
很想怠惰一下下，就那么的一下下
行尸走肉的生活
忙得不知道怎样生活
8. Traveling is probably the best thing you can do for yourself in your 20s.
OK 绷，遮住痛
Quite surprise to know the lawyer still remember you! #loved
I am the best.
  i bet will kena spam i tell you
Good to know someone still owe you a sum of money. Its like picking up your money from unexpected place hehe
 ISH ISH ISH. GOOGLE TRANSLATE!
Next project. 
RT : I wish I had a delete button in my life. 

To delete some people, 

some memories, 

and some feelings.
烦死了！
够了, 我已经不明白了。
Its ok. Its not like i don't have the money to buy. Hymp
No one can appreciate them the way i do. D:
Pity my beloved. They will be happier if they are with me.
And so i have to let my beloved chocolate been owned by them. TT
Good job. The lecturer knows our weaknesses. One is enough: CHOCOLATE
RT : Nokia considers buying Juniper to expand network unit 
RT : Malaysia Airports Holdings plans to sell new shares worth US$300m, or 10% of existing share capital, to fund expansion, says…
Next project. 
有一个狮子它的颈圈天生就是方的，然后与众不同的这件事呢，让他常常卡住，卡在自己的原则里；卡在该不该妥协的挣扎里；卡在会不会全世界都是对，只有我是错了的迷思里。
Congratulations ship! You earned your freedom!
The ship challenges me to unship her.
 jiang wo ai la. jiang liao jiang liao. so many things to tell you. you go sleep night!
 cant wait to see you. you no fat you dont see me. you taller you dont see me hymp
 dui hoh. ni mei you abandon guo wo. zou xia ci xia kl zao ni. wo hai qian ni san can eh!
 ni bu dong wo de qing kuanggg
 hehe ni hui cong kl sentral dai wo ah? :DD
 ni cai bu dong neh
 oh that time i week10 eh. when can find you then?
 ni kuai dian hui lai shang ke :(
 ni kuai dian hui lai dai wo qu wan
 no i feel loved haha. good la ren jian cong man le ai
 not until he tells you what he did before. that is touching. ni bu dong de
Loved.
 ni bu dong de la &lt;3 xian zai hen kai xin
To know there is someone who is always there for you, secretly without your knowing: Melts.
Kinda love him more and more. Yes I know you are watching hehe love.
E SI LIAO E SI LIAO
HAI SHI HEN E AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 i of course know is lyrics duh. you suo gan cu
 前者是我，后者是他
