人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise) February 19th
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise) February 19th
Photo: DUDE!!!!!! I WANT THIS!!!!! 
WAKE UP!!!!
Dude I want to learn about some History and yall want to show a bald dude in a pawn shop!!!
I swear reality show killed tv for me. On almost every channel it's a stupid reality show. Even the History channel!!!!!
 agreed, I use to love BET. Now it's trash
I have watch BET is in years
I'm sorry but BET SUCKS!!!!
Yo these videos on FB is out of control. I have seen everything under the sun smh -_-
RT : I hate the fact that reality shows make the wash ups that are on them feel as if they're relevant again.
RT : Don't let where you're from determine where you're going
RT : Deep down inside, we're all poets.
Some of us are just fortunate to know it.
RT : Don't let that Nicki Minaj song gas u ladies up,half y'all got babies by the bums she's describing in that song lol
 It's funny to me
 Thank You!!!
RT : &amp; art is supposed to make you think...
Alright back to listening to Earl
That Nicki song is the new No Scrubs for 2014 hahahahahah!!!
 hahahahahahahaha!!! And she say that so many time, but her flow was cool on it
 ahahahahahah yea she is nowhere near PG
 here is the video 
I swear that new Nicki Minaj song is going to be Girls anthem
Chillin listening to Doris
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise) February 19th
RT : ... no more mixtapes. no more rushed project. no more free art
I'm feeling the new Nicki Minaj joint
Photo:  
I believe in quality over quantity, this the reason why I don't put a lot of beats and music out
Them dudes are in the hip hop hall of fame
Nas does not need to make another album.
Eminem does not need to make another album.
Jay-z does not need to make another album. Dude is like a rock act. He can go on tour a perform all his old joints
Rappers that don't need to make another album.
I hate when rappers make sequels to they best albums. Like it's not gon be the same
No I don't have a Valentine, I haven't found a girl that even worth my time all the other days of the year. So yea
RT : Not a rap album i wanna hear more than k dot's follow up to good kid mad city tho
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise) February 19th
参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise) February 19th
Photo:  
I really want to buy Reason 6
Photo:  
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise) February 19th
  hahahahahahaha!!! hell naw
Where is 
人参 楽園 ( Ginseng Paradise) February 19th

 Have you started that yet?
You nigga think you funny dog, nigga you ain't all that. Kenan, Kel Niggas lol Good line 
 I like sir 
Photo:  
I know GKMC is going to be considered a classic, but I want to know what other albums that came in the past 3 years is going to be up there
I wonder what hip hop albums that came out in the past 3 years is going to be considered a classic in 10 years hmmm
RT : ": I hope K.dot somehow see's this when its finished " so dope.
The College Dropout was the first album I ever bought
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise) February 19th
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise) February 19th
RT : Imagine if Watch Dogs and FFXV just drop outta nowhere next. Imagine!
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise) February 19th
RT : Don't grow up 
 nope
 And the whole storyline that go with it. Yea I want to go see it
 Yea it seem like a well put together show
 ohh kinda know they was
 Yea :-\
 =( and I wanted to go to the show -_-
 heard*
 Hell Naw I had they was 30
I think now of days most people like meaning less stuff.
But I fear that people won't get it.
I always wanted to make something thoughtful, meaningful and go in depth about different stuff
My favorite one was about J.D Salinger
I like to watch documentaries about artist, film makers and authors it's inspiring
RT : I'm so picky
Anything I put out makes me kinda nervous really.
People are telling me they can't wait to hear my beat tape, that makes me kinda nervous
I do I have to buy these Gambino tickets online?
 That's the time I wake up to go to work LOL!!
 LOL!!! I want to live in a different country for real
  Yea in Chicago people be outside at 1 am like it's 12 in the afternoon i'm like yo do people sleep here
If I move to a bigger city it would be Toronto or London
 I wouldn't live there or Chicago cuz I have family there, but I still wounder tho
I hate going over peoples house without calling tho that my Pops I still call before I go over there
I hate the fact that my Pops change his number all the time. Cuz I don't got his new number
I wonder how does it feel to live in New York?
 I'm really think about it tho.
My hair is mad long now and I kinda don't want to cut it
I would get dreads, but I would look like Lupe Fiasco with wearing glasses and all. Thinking about it tho
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise) February 19th
Yo  are still going to the Childish Gambino show?
I never really listen to Isaiah Rashad, but i'm feelin this Cilvia Demo project
What to do today hmmmm
I want these, I wonder do they got them at the Nike store at the mall 
RT :  download #GODBLESSYOU is still relevant to the world we live in today....give it a listen and s…
 Oh I see see =D thanks
 Are those crosses? if not what does that mean?
 Lol I'm not because its not in my nature, but people get me to that point sometimes
I think I need to start being a asshole
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise) is done thinking about what next project I want to do
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise) February 19th
RT : The creator of Johnny Bravo, the creator of Powerpuff Girls, and the creator of Dexter’s Laboratory were all roommates in co…
人参 楽園 ( Ginseng Paradise) February 19th
 Wow Really?
 Jigga Who?
Because if you know me and we cool its going to be a little bias.
It's more of a satisfaction when somebody that don't know me likes my music than someone that knows me.
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise) February 19th
Yall having a good conversation this afternoon
 alright cool
If one of my beats got played on Adult Swim that would be dope
Adult Swim should be it's own channel. - joshuatb: Adult Swim/Toonami 
 It's a cool place
Photo:  
I swear if I lived closer to the Untitled Bottega I would go to almost all they events
 Do you guys accept beat tapes?
 Cool, Cool =D
 I love strawberry cheesecake
 OWWW can you make strawberry cheesecake?
 what's up. How do I send you guys music? I have a beat tape dropping February 19th
 check dm
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise) February 19th
I need to get better at promoting myself.
I got stuck in the snow for a minute leaving  house,I got out tho =D
人参 楽園 ( Ginseng Paradise) February 19th
Working on this beat with @rawmclex 
Studio today, cool cool!!
 I see LOL!!
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise) February 19th
 hahahahah!!!
RT : Section.80.
Would you guys pay 5$ for this beat tape or Nah?
Other than doing music, I hate repetition
The reason like doing music cuz it's like a new experience when I make something new
I don't have a addictive nature, I get bored so easily with stuff.
I have better conversations with random people I never met on twitter than fb,
Photo: This is how I look have the time. Stuff don’t impress 
 Yea i'll try =)
 Lets say I have bad luck in that department
Having a crush on someone is pointless, well in my case it's pointless =/
Making music is great!!!
 
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise) February 19th
Here is the release date for Ginseng Paradise 
Yo my beat tape going to be kinda long 人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise)
Don't take that Video Down!!! 
 Why you gon take it down?
Should I give out the date for 人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise) today or naw hmmmm
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise)
Np: Curren$y Pilot Talk
RT : ... people should get paid more. not like money is real anyways.
 Your Very Welcome
 I hope you feel/get all better soon yo. =D
 =( well you probably need to sleep
 All is well
 =D
Where are the cute girls that like Video Games, Music, Art and Anime?!
RT : KIDS, DONT DO HEROIN, ITS FUCKING STUPID.
In the mood for a deep convo with a cute female right now
RT :  
AND FRIENDS LIVE AT THE PHOENIX CAFÉ  


RT : GLAD THIS SHIT IS OVER!!!! BASKETBALL 24/7
RT : damn man. I think its safe to say this was the worst Super Bowl game the kid has ever witnessed
 they need it, cuz this is sooo bad.
Where is the mercy rule when you need it!!!
They don't want this game
This Super Bowl wack!!!
That's Game!!!!
Bruno did a good job yo
RT : I want to see a comeback in the 2nd half ..
I hope this is not a blow -_- smh
Something I'm working on, not gon be on the tape tho. 
Follow me on IG: teawordz
I'll give yall the date for when i'm gon drop 人参 楽園 ( Ginseng Paradise) tomorrow
人参 楽園 ( Ginseng Paradise)
RT : JUST FINISHED MY VERS TO THIS  BEAT.

#GINSENGPARADISE
 LOL!!!
 Idk man
 That's a nice amount of views and it's some comments
 You ain't know?
 Cool bro
 Go look at yo views
RT : Still ain't went in off no  tracks yet, i'll be coppin soon
 dude I don't know you had 2,044 plays on yo video
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise)
 Yep
 I swear niggas don't even know what I look like lol
I'm sensitive about my sh*t!!!!
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise)
I ready to get back in the studio
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise)
Please don't judge me on what I have or don't have, things don't make me who I am.
 Swag!!
 I want to go to the UK!!
I ain't the same nigga from a year ago, thinking of going over sea's and rap for them euros!!! 
RT : If You Don't Like;

Childish Gambino
Eminem
Kanye West 
Tyler, The Creator 

We Can Never Be Friends
RT : 4/24/14 
I don't know why, but it's some beats I don't  want to give away.
人参 楽園 ( Ginseng Paradise)
人参 楽園 (Ginseng Paradise)
Are you free Sunday bro 
