嗨，大家好！
UCC艺术社团招纳中国画贤才。如果你有国画或书法方面的特长，请与我们联系！
Paul
Hey guys!
The Art Society is looking for people who are able to paint Chinese paintings. If you can paint or do... 
Odeslal jsem 11 fotek na Facebook do alba 
嗨，大家好！
期颐已久的语言晚会即将到来了！2月27日周五皇家酒店，准备好ticket，我们与你不见不散！

Paul


Hey everyone!
The language ball is coming up! It's in the Imperial Hotel on the 27th of February. Get your tickets... 


Don't forget guys, the event's tonight. See you there :) 
Add yourself to the event if you're interested guys :) xie xie :D 
I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "Cultural Food Crawl" 
嗨，大家好！... 
Hey everyone,
The next big event will be our food crawl with the food science society. Its on Monday 18 November.... 
 
Hey guys!
Some really high-ranking, important officials from Shanghai will be coming to unveil the paintings from... 
INVITATION 

A Chinese Traditional Painting exhibition will be held on Nov. 4th  to 6 th in Jennings Gallery,... 
I posted 32 photos on Facebook in the album "Noodle King 面皇" 
Hey, don't forget your masks/face paint tonight!

If you don't have time to get a mask then come early and we'll let you borrow one! :)
We now have prizes from "Gourmet Burger" and "The Mardyke Bar" for tomorrow's event! Don't miss out! :D
Don't forget, language exchange/Halloween party this Wednesday:... 
Hi,大家好！
很高兴通知大家，我们即将在下周迎来本学期第一次语言交换活动！
本次的活动会包括中英文交流学习和万圣节party，因此，我们各位届时需要准备好自己的面具或服装。... 
Hey everyone!
Next week we will have our first language exchange!
On Wednesday 30th October we will meet in the... 
Hey everyone!

One of our lecturers is setting up a Chinese Movie Club and he has invited the whole Chinese... 
Don't forget, the dinner is tonight! Remind all your friends with places booked!
Paul
Hi,大家好！
我们的聚餐定于周三晚七点。届时请大家在学生中心前的圆形竞技场集合，然后我们一起步行去面皇。由于座位有限，此次聚餐仅限之前付费预定过的同学参加。没有预定的同学可以等待下次机会:)。
我们周三晚再见！
Paul 主席
Hey everyone!
We'll be meeting at 7pm in the amphitheatre (outside the student centre) and walking to Noodle King... 
Update on society hoodies:

We are now offering the hoodie in red, black &amp; grey.

The cost of the hoodie is €30.... 
Bad news &amp; Good news

Good: the meal event is full, we should have a great crowd.

Bad: the meal event is full,... 
Hey guys, this hat was found in Boole 1 after the event on Wednesday. If you own this hat contact me as soon as... 
Hey everyone!
Important reminder:
Hoodies are €30 and must be paid for by the 17th of October at the latest. They... 
Hey everyone, don't forget to bring €30 if you want a special society hoodie or €7 if you want to attend our... 
Happy Mid-Autumn Festival! ^_^
中秋节快乐！^_^
嗨~

谢谢大家今天加入我们！

我们第一个活动是10月2号7点半。房间会稍后通知。我们会通过电视片段一起庆祝国庆节，然后玩游戏，讲科克的夜生活等等 ;)

我们还会有个短EGM, 然后一起去市中心。... 
Hey!

Thanks to everyone who signed up today!

Our first event will be on October the 2nd at 7.30pm. The room has... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
So many sign ups! Whoop!
嗨，大家好！很高兴今天看到这么多新面孔：）在这里代表UCC特别欢迎所有的新生和中国交流生。社团注册日在下周三学生中心二楼，我们会为大家准备更多的点心和社团活动信息。

下周见！祝周末开心愉快〜
Hey everyone!

Great to see so many new faces today! A special welcome to all the chinese internationals who plan... 
Hey Guys, if you have a spare minute please check out and like our friends at We Are Purely Creative! :) 
Don't forget our AGM tonight at 7.30pm in Kane G19.. Anybody can run!
Come along and support us! :) 
元宵节快乐~ Happy Lantern Festival ^_^
Hey~~ friday is the deadline for the hoodies, they're €32. facebook us asap if u want one ^_^... 
Last chance to get our hoodies! These zodiac signs will be on the back of our hoodies. Facebook us asap if you... 
APPARENTLY, as of 4pm today (Irish time) it was officially Chinese New Year!

Sooooo 大家，过新年快乐！:)
Anyone interested in getting our hoodie? Your english name and chinese name will be on the sleeve and your zodiac... 
River James won our teddy by guessing his name correctly - Carlos =D
Also, well done to House of Flying Naggins for the Best Team Name #WellDeserved
Well done to our winners last night, Golden Bear Hunting Beaver! And second place was Quiz Team Aguillera with Chairman Wow 3rd.
Getting very excited about our quiz tonight in the Old Bar =) Prepare to win some prizes!
RT :  LAUNCH OF SPECIAL STUDENT MEAL DEAL €8
Third level student meal deal (pizza,chips,beer) till Feb 1.  Normal ...
From Jia Jia Market~ 
I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "Quiz &amp; Raffle Prizes" 
We're also running a raffle at the same! €2 for a chance to win vouchers for Dominos, make up set, pro makeover, chocolates and many more!
Come to our quiz tomorrow night! We have €50 as first prize, 2 bottles of wine for second prize and a hamper for third prize =D
Don't forget our quiz tomorrow night in the Old Bar at 7pm in age of the Relay for Life. €10 per team of 4. Fantastic prizes up for grabs!
Chinese Week is just 10 days away! We have some awesome events planned so keep an eye on Twitter and Facebook!
OK LADS

Get ready for our big QUIZ night - in the Old Bar at 7pm on Wednesday the 30th of January..!

It... 
All that's involved is showing some form of ID and writing one sentence! Do take part =D
World Record Attempt taking place on UCC campus Thurs 12pm to Fri 12pm.  Call to the SU Common Room within the next 24 hours to take part!
Film and games night tonight at 7pm in Elec Eng L2. We'll be showing 'East Palace, West Palace'. Free pizza! Concessions to Freakscene too!
Here's the event for UCCs Rainbow Week. We'd encourage everyone to at least take part in the Guinness World... 
Another great event we're doing in collaboration with the Japanese Soc is this one!

This - 'Surviving in Japan... 
CHEERS to everyone who came to our Mulan screening on Thursday night! Loads of ye came and sang along loudly... 
Thanks to everyone who came to see Mulan last night. It was a fantastic event with . Must do it again sometime!
RT : And on Thursday we have the splendid Mulan (Disney film) in Boole 3, which is a joint event with 
I posted 13 photos on Facebook in the album "E.G.M.s with Pizza and Friends :)" 
 Mulan... In Chinese!
Happy New Year everyone ^_^

We have some great events coming up in semester two - starting with a film screening... 
祝你们圣诞真快乐！:)
Welcome to our new Auditor, Kieran Birrane, and our new Secretary, Alana Dooley :D Well done!!
Sorry guys and gals - have to cut the film night short. Silly Kane computers won't play the film properly.
Come along to our EGM and Film night tonight. 7pm in Kane G18. We'll be electing a new Auditor and Secretary, then showing Flowers Of War :)
Today's Christmas Fair Photos by PD Neville :) 
GREAT DEAL!

Come along to the Volunteers Fair in the Aula Maxima RIGHT NOW and get yourself a beautiful Qipao (a... 
Don't forget our mixer this Wednesday at 7.30 and the Christmas Fair this Thursday 12-4pm in the Aula Maxima!! :D
Come along to our last event before Christmas :) 
I posted 17 photos on Facebook in the album "Chinese Cultural Evening" 
RT @KieranBirrane: On my way to  Society's culture night ^_^
Don't forget our culture night tonight ^_^ 5.30pm in the Staff Restaurant (behind main rest)
Hey everyone! Can you please join our event and share it? It promises to be a great evening ^_^ See you there!! 
Hey lads! Check out the Simon Soc's Christmas Ball!

-Next Tuesday night
-9pm
-The Mardyke Pavillion
-Tickets are... 
Come along to our next event, tomorrow, Wednesday 28th, at 5.30pm!
Food, drink and entertainment will be... 
RT : Joe Biden: Transgender Discrimination Is 'The Civil Rights Issue Of Our Time'  Trans* Awareness Week in UCC
RT : The Amazing Time Traveling Gender Recognition Legislation  Trans* Awareness Week in UCC
RT : Why not follow  and give them a share while you're at it! 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Our logo has been changed ^_^ Sorry for the confusion but we hope you like this one more!!
Open committee meeting starting at 7. Woo!
We're holding our first open meeting tomorrow in Sceilig in the Student Centre at 7pm. Come along if you want to see how a society is run
Hey everyone,

this is a really good way to help improve your second, third or fourth language. come along for a... 
APOLOGIES EVERYONE!

The lantern making class has had to be postponed until next week, due to unforeseen... 
Change of plan, the lantern launch is still going ahead, but its at 8pm instead and we have provisionally booked ORB G42 (N)
Hey everyone :)
just a heads up... we will be doing a lantern making class on Wednesday the 14th of November at... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Chinese Society Logo 
Just made the finishing touches to our constitution! Woo!
IT'S NEARLY HALLOWEEN!
And to make the most of the occasion, we'll be collaborating with the Japanese Soc :)... 
YAY! We now have our logo ^_^ Thanks to everyone who came to our EGM last night. Welcome to the new committee members
Today's the day! Our EGM is on tonight at 7.30pm in Kane G19. Come along and join the committee! We'll be heading to the old bar afterwards
Well, it's finally here! Our very first Extraordinary General Meeting :) 
Don't forget to come along to our EGM this Wednesday if you want to become more involved in the society
Our auditor and his team came 2nd place in @uccLGBT's Big Bad Ally Quiz ^_^ #LGBTAlly
 have their Ally week this week. Get your picture taken with the Ally Pledge and help make a difference #AllyWeek #UCCLGBTAllyWeek
Hey everyone! We're still alive if you're wondering. We're just in the process of choosing a logo and organising our next event ^_^
RT @KieranBirrane: Got SO much work done last night ^_^  
RT : Holy shit, 142 people at Pokemon Boole 4 tonight! fair Fucks  Sci-Fi for a fantastic event:)
RT @tis_0nly_me:  hi guys, RT please, I lost a John Smith's bag with 4 books on campus, 1 geography book and 3 English. If it's foun ...
RT @KieranBirrane: #FF   
Also, we'll be getting a logo really soon! #AboutTime
Our EGM is coming up soon. Run for Cultural Officer, First Year Rep or one of our OCM positions =D
Thanks to everyone who came to our first event last night and we look forward to seeing you at all our future events :)
RT : Want to run for class rep? 

Elections for 1st and 2nd year will be taking place in class for the next 2 weeks.... http://t.c ...
RT : congrats to  at the launch of  LGBT Ally project. Great initiative started in  now a national  ...
RT : Great turn out today for the launch of  LGBT Ally Initiatve!
We had a great turn out today for the Chinese National Day. We didn't anticipate such a crowd which is why we ran out of food ^_^
中秋节快乐！Happy Mid-Autumn Festival~~
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted 20 photos on Facebook in the album "Societies Day 2012 :)" 
This Monday is Chinese National Day, so come help us celebrate the occasion in the ORB 212 from 6-9pm..!

There... 
ORB 212 for our celebration of the Chinese National Day. Finger food and refreshments. RT to your friends and come along
Thanks to everyone who signed up to us today. We got over 200 sign-ups! #SocietiesDay
Hey everyone don't forget to check out our stand at societies day
Thanks to everyone who came to our stand today! Hope you liked writing your name in Chinese
Come see our stand today on campus and grab your purple sticker for the Treasure Hunt. You can also sign up to become a member ^_^
RT : #FF      @prometheus45 @uccchinese @uccchildrensaid
RT : #FF More great societies hitting the Twitter lads -  and . You know the drill. Retweet &amp; f ...
RT @KieranBirrane: Peer support tours finished for this year. Fresher's Fest tomorrow where I'll be at the stands for  and @UCCC ...
We'll be deciding on a logo next week at our meeting
#FF     
And here's our auditor!  :]
This is our secretary for the year @KieranBirrane :D
Here's to our new Twitter page ^_^ Retweet us so we can grab some followers for the society #UCCChineseSociety
