房地产新玩法：产权众筹让你在房屋买卖或租赁中分一杯羹 - 36kr 
2014年美国房价为什么要继续涨？ - 淄博搜房 
每日好宅／城市裡的恬靜人文日式禪風宅 - 聯合新聞網 
Opening up the Nigerian housing market - The Guardian 
破译2014年楼市的九个预言开发商重回一二线 - 八百家 
Morguard - 2014 Real Estate Investment Trends to Watch in Canada - Sacramento Bee 
香港房地产：惠誉料投资限制放宽不会导致REIT马上转往物业发展 - 路透 
Do investor home sales mask a sick housing market? - Housing Wire 
马年论楼市：“泡沫”不会爆小心变“化石” _ 财经频道_ 东方财富网() - 东方财富网 
Millionaires See Real Estate as Top Investment for 2014 - Bloomberg 
永明人壽設基金分支發展房地產投資 - 信報財經新聞 
12檔台股基金逆勢漲 - 聯合新聞網 
中国千万富豪中15%靠炒房致富未来投资 - 淄博搜房 
香港证监会拟放松REITS监管 - 中国资本证券网 
Morguard - 2014 Real Estate Investment Trends to Watch in Western Canada - Sacramento Bee 
歐股馬年奔經理人按讚 - 中時電子報 
Real-estate investing amid new mortgage rules - MarketWatch 
Investors double down on Queens in 2013: report - The Real Deal Magazine (blog) 
NorthWest Healthcare Properties Real Estate Investment Trust announces ... - Sacramento Bee 
香港证监会拟放松REITS监管 - 金融界 
马上出海：海外投资成为选项 - 网易 
破译2014年楼市的九个预言开发商重回一二线城市 - 张家口在线 
香港证监会拟放松REITs监管 - 新浪网 
破译2014楼市九个预言灰色房屋将纳入正规登记 - 汉丰网 
外来投资占迪拜房地产市场2013年成交额的一半 - 新民网 
NorthWest Healthcare Properties Real Estate Investment Trust announces ... - PR Newswire (press release) 
Millionaire Investors Name Real Estate as Most Popular Alternative Asset Class ... - Business Wire (press release) 
Morguard - 2014 Real Estate Investment Trends to Watch in Western Canada - PR Newswire (press release) 
Real Estate Investment Society announces election of officers - The News-Press 
Millionaire Investors Name Real Estate as Most Popular Alternative Asset Class ... - The Herald | HeraldOnline.c... 
Morguard - 2014 Real Estate Investment Trends to Watch in Canada - PR Newswire (press release) 
Millionaire Investors Name Real Estate as Most Popular Alternative Asset Class ... - MarketWatch 
Morguard - 2014 Real Estate Investment Trends to Watch in Eastern Canada - PR Newswire (press release) 
美國房市振興新解？還不起房貸就讓政府強制徵收債務 - NOWnews 
大足：房地产开发投资高位增长增长74.1% - 凤凰网 
调查：2014美国房地产市场10大问题（下） - 淄博搜房 
低利環境，建議加碼歐洲股債 - 鉅亨網 
Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. Closes Second Tranche of Financing ... - Wall Street Journal 
惠誉：放宽REIT投资限制难即时改变房托市场 - 和讯网 
Has the US Housing Market Peaked? - Bloomberg 
Real estate investment trusts are an under-embraced asset class - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel 
Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation Reports Results For The First ... - Sacramento Bee 
低利環境，建議加碼歐洲股債 - 鉅亨網 
美国房地产市场复苏但置业并未提高 - 和讯网 (博客) 
大陸/春節後香港地產商積極推新盤二手樓價有下調壓力 - 中央日報 
Otton Reveals Chinese Investors Influencing UK Real Estate Boom - PR Web (press release) 
大足区落实投资力促重点项目建设成效显著 - 重庆政府网 
新年楼市开局趋冷54城市成交量1月 - 365地产家居网 
香港房地产：惠誉料投资限制放宽不会导致REIT马上转往物业发展| 股票|  - 路透中文网 - 路透 
中國富人去年赴美買房金額達123億美元，成為美房市第二大海外買家 - 臺灣新浪網 
千萬富豪15%靠炒房致富投資房產難度加大 - 新華網雲南頻道 
中国楼市高而不危并非所有泡沫都均等着爆 - 太原搜房 
中国“土豪”美国房市掘金为第二大海外的买家 - 搜狐 
标普：美联储缩减与美国楼市下滑分析 - 新浪网 
【區域經濟】上海去年房地產投資額同比增18.4%新房價格漲14.2% - 鉅亨網 
浙江2013年房地产投资6216亿元房价增幅处低位运行 - 新华网 
中国“土豪”美国房市掘金外媒称赞中国投资者人精明 - 凤凰网 
中国人成美房市第二大海外买家被赞钱多人精明 - 中国经济网 
聯準會：美房市復甦帶動經濟成長 - 中時電子報 
20坪空間層次分明的自然休閒美宅 - 聯合新聞網 
家有過敏兒塵蹣難消除您該怎麼辦？ - 聯合新聞網 
中国楼市高而不危？并非所有泡沫都均等爆裂 - 淄博搜房 
Owners of defunct Souther California real estate investment firm arrested in ... - 89.3 KPCC (blog) 
美國房市振興新解？還不起房貸就讓政府強制徵收債務 - NOWnews 
Long Beach founder of bankrupt real estate investment firm arrested in $110 ... - Long Beach Press-Telegram 
China's housing market is looking ugly, which is scary for its financial system - Quartz 
浙江2013年房地产投资6216亿元同比增两成 - 置家网 
雙北4大「治癒宅」 年漲幅最高22％ - 好房News 
US demographer predicts hit to Aussie home prices -  
Europe winning global real estate investment by default – ULI executives - Property Investor Europe (subscription) 
投资房产获益难度加大市场的分化或将是种趋势 - 焦点房地产 
Founders of Bankrupt SoCal Real Estate Investment Firm Indicted in Wide ... - Federal Bureau of Investigation (p... 
What Does 2014 Have in Store for the Housing Market? - U.S. News &amp; World Report (blog) 
The best and worst housing markets in America right now | REwired - Housing Wire (blog) 
Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation Reports Results For The First ... - PR Newswire (press release) 
Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation Reports Results For The First ... - Wall Street Journal 
Michael Stewart of Phoenix Accused in $110 Million Real Estate Ponzi Scheme - Phoenix New Times (blog) 
Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation Reports Results For The First ... - MarketWatch 
摩根大通：预计中国2014年固定资产投资将放缓 - 新浪网 
房市熱甲山林6天銷30億 - 蘋果日報 
房市熱甲山林6天銷30億 - 蘋果日報 
Lee County Manager to address Real Estate Investment Society - Naples Daily News 
Is the Housing Market Recovery a Fake? - The Economic Voice 
UPDATE 1-Radian returns to profit as US housing market recovers - Reuters 
中国楼市高而不危？并非所有泡沫都均等爆裂 - 淄博搜房 
The Hottest Market on the Planet for Global Property Investors - CoStar Group 
Real estate investment a major factor in city success - Pattaya Mail 
小摩：大陸今年固定資產投資增速預計放緩至18.6% - 鉅亨網 
合肥去年房地产投资破“千亿”大关 - 中安在线 
评论:中国楼市高而不危?并非所有泡沫都均等爆裂 - 青岛新闻网 
去年重庆房地产开发企业完成投资3012.78亿元 - 凤凰网 
Clarion Pitching Big Extended-Stay Portfolio - Real Estate Alert 
Meecorp launches investment product - Real Estate Weekly 
资讯播报：浙江省2013年房地产投资6216亿 - 中国房产超市网 
Eager investors jolt CMBS back to life - Real Estate Weekly 
MPC Synergy Real Estate to exit investments in India-based Akme Projects ... - Venture Capital Post 
UPDATE 1-Radian returns to profit as US housing market recovers - Reuters 
台新投顧看台股－資金債轉股趨勢不變 - 中時電子報 
Radian returns to profitability as US housing market recovers -  
Radian returns to profitability as US housing market recovers - Reuters 
小摩：大陸今年固定資產投資增速預計放緩至18.6% - 鉅亨網 
CondosCafe Launches New Real Estate Market Investments Analysis ... - PR Web (press release) 
香港房地产：惠誉料投资限制放宽不会导致REIT马上转往物业发展 - 路透 
美国房地产困境:五分之一房主欠款高于房子价值 - 搜房 
香港房地产：惠誉料投资限制放宽不会导致REIT马上转往物业发展 - 路透 
Canada pension board opens Brazil office, eyes real estate, infrastructure - Reuters 
香港房地产：惠誉料投资限制放宽不会导致REIT马上转往物业发展 - 路透 
FOMC減少買債至650億元美國十年債殖利率升 - 鉅亨網 
每日好宅／老屋出頭天打造俐落北歐風美宅 - 聯合新聞網 
U.S. Builder Confidence in Senior Housing Ends 2013 on Record High - World Property Channel 
Office real estate magnate John Cali dies at 95 -  
Waypoint joins crowded field of corporate landlords listing shares - San Francisco Chronicle 
5 Big Real Estate Pitfalls -  
歐股來勢洶洶企業獲利給力 - MoneyDJ理財網 
新年楼市开局趋冷54城市成交量1月同比降15.6% - 东方财富网 
房地產投資信託基金守則修訂諮詢公眾 - 雅虎香港 
摩根大通估中國2014年固定資產投資將放緩 - 中時電子報 
新年楼市开局趋冷54城市成交量1月同比降15.6% - 青岛新闻网 
2014年如何投資房地產專家為你支招 - NTDTV 
Real-Estate Startup Jumps on Bitcoin Train - Wall Street Journal 
A real estate investment firm tackles nightlife - Crain's Chicago Business (blog) 
中国楼市高而不危? 并非所有泡沫都均等爆裂! - 搜房 
美房市續強消費信心挫 - 聯合新聞網 
富豪扎堆投身房地产投资市场分化或成趋势 - 搜房 
7連降！美簽約待過戶成屋銷售月減8.7%、遜預期 - 鉅亨網 
《台股青紅燈》股災來襲現金為王 - yam天空新聞 
RealtyShares Enables Crowdfunded Property Investment With Bitcoin - CoinDesk 
评论:中国楼市高而不危?并非所有泡沫都均等爆裂 - 青岛新闻网 
Edgefront Real Estate Investment Trust announces initial cash distributions - Wall Street Journal 
Real Estate Investment a Major Factor in City Success - Wall Street Journal 
Melrose Park shopping center sells for 61 percent more than 2011 price - Crain's Chicago Business 
年假看屋買氣旺－遠雄銷售22億甲山林30億 - 中時電子報 
金管會喊話：股市不宜看數日表現 - 聯合新聞網 
年假看屋買氣旺－遠雄銷售22億甲山林30億 - 中時電子報 
全球仍動盪台股剉咧等 - 聯合新聞網 
Melrose Park shopping center fetches 61 percent more than 2011 price - Crain's Chicago Business 
Chinese investor spends $1.9 billion in Dubai property market - Reuters UK 
Real-Estate Startup Jumps on Bitcoin Train - Wall Street Journal 
投资斯里兰卡将征收100%房地产转让税 - 新浪网 
中国楼市高而不危？并非所有泡沫都均等爆裂 - 腾讯网 
連平：耶倫未來政策不確定性引發全球市場動蕩 - 臺灣新浪網 
Orange Capital to nominate seven independent trustees to the Board Of InnVest ... - PR Newswire (press release) 
全球股匯市動盪高股息基金可當首選 - 中時電子報 
投资房产获益难度加大 - 网易 
马年论楼市：“泡沫”不会爆小心变“化石” - 新华网 
Finally, tougher foes may humble real estate empire - Boston Globe 
Dear Monty: Tips on making your first real estate investment - Wicked Local- Raynham 
樓市升溫車市接力美復甦吸金出口股勝算高 - 香港新浪網 
Dear Monty: Tips on making your first real estate investment - Easton Journal 
European Investments Reach Highest Level Since 2007 - World Property Channel 
DLA Piper | Senate tax reform proposals: “chilling effect” on real estate industry - Linex Legal (press release)... 
InnVest Real Estate Investment Trust Responds to Unitholder Request - SYS-CON Media (press release) 
A real estate investment firm tackles nightlife - Crain's Chicago Business (blog) 
去年重庆房企完成投资3012.78亿元同比增长20.1% - 新华网重庆频道 
去年重庆房企完成投资3012.78亿元同比增长20.1% - 新民网 
马年论楼市：“泡沫”不会爆 - 凤凰网 
马年论楼市：“泡沫”不会爆小心变“化石” - 千龙网 
統一投顧看台股－金馬錢潮房、債市→股市 - 中時電子報 
投资房产获益难度加大 - 搜狐 
马年论楼市：“泡沫”不会爆小心变“化石” - 搜狐 
獲益難度加大 - 新華網 
投资房产获益难度加大 - 搜狐 
A real estate investment firm tackles nightlife - Crain's Chicago Business (blog) 
7連降！美簽約待過戶成屋銷售月減8.7%、遜預期 - MoneyDJ理財網 
InnVest Real Estate Investment Trust Responds to Unitholder Request - MarketWatch 
Choice Properties Real Estate Investment Trust to Issue $450 million of Series ... - Wall Street Journal 
全球不動產投資集聚美國！穩定、安全、增值機會高 - NOWnews 
Northern Property Real Estate Investment Trust Announces End of Stapled ... - Wall Street Journal 
Real Estate Investment Society announces officers - Naples Daily News 
金馬錢潮房、債市→股市 - 中時電子報 
Real Estate Investment Society announces election of officers - The News-Press 
Real estate trusts may be back - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel 
US Housing Market Flipped, Warped Distorted and Manipulated - The Market Oracle 
投資海外房產須掌握5大注意事項 - ETtoday 
IRA Real Estate Investing Solutions Now Offered to Retirement Account Holders ... - PR Web (press release) 
3大類族群皆有可為投顧：聚焦利多政策8大產業出列！ - 台視新聞 
中国人成美国房市第二大海外买家年 - 第一金融网 
Dammam real estate attracts $26bn investments - Trade Arabia 
中国房价被美国调控了？ - 土地资源网 
Investor: How Darden can become a rich real estate company - Orlando Business Journal (blog) 
Hit by Slowing Growth at Home, Chinese Investors Shift Billions to US Real Estate - CoStar Group 
UPDATE 1-Chinese investor spends $1.9 bln in Dubai property market - Reuters 
5 Big Real Estate Pitfalls -  
The “Vanishing” First-Time Home Buyer; What It Means for the Housing Market - Trefis 
Why Winter is Great for Real Estate Investing - Motley Fool 
Real estate investment trusts are an under-embraced asset class - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel 
专家：投资余额宝、房地产等风险均在增大 - 中国证券网 
Dear Monty: Tips on making your first real estate investment - Wicked Local- Hudson 
美国经济学家：全球房地产市场已产生大量 - 国家能源网 
陸客入美房市成第2大買主 - 中時電子報 
美國QE緩退經濟穩步復甦 - 中時電子報 
Remember The Housing Market 'Shadow Inventory' That Had Everyone ... - Business Insider Australia 
Outside investors increasingly find West Michigan real estate to their liking - MiBiz 
美国调控了中国房价? 热钱刚需城镇化推高中国房价_房产资讯-重庆搜房网 - 更多地产资讯 - 重庆搜房 
6 Tips to Becoming a Successful Real Estate Investor - RealtyBizNews 
3大類族群皆有可為投顧：聚焦利多政策8大產業出列！ - 華視新聞 
摩根大通：預計中國2014年固定資產投資將放緩 - 臺灣新浪網 
Dear Monty: Tips on making your first real estate investment - Hingham Journal 
美國QE緩退經濟穩步復甦 - 中時電子報 
Get Ready for Subprime Mortgage Crisis 2.0, Collapse in US Housing Market ... - The Market Oracle 
