 什么来的？
Someone delivery porridge to my house 😋 thanks ☺️
摄取太多的咖啡因 现在胃很痛 😭
头痛 胃痛 很想睡觉 怎么办
RT : 我知道我该离开的 别一再提醒我
 我们大家都要变诗人了 😅😅
太棒了 太棒了 这时候胃痛 😭😭
 背到我很累啊 统考死了死了 😭😭😭😭😭
翻译 😫
背诵 😫😫
RT : 可以放弃华语吗？😨
RT : WHY ARENT THESE IN MY CLOSET 😍👟 
华语 怎么办 很难叻 😭 后悔没有提早读书了
现在才开始准备华语 来得及吗？哈哈哈
 I also want sleep now haha goodnight !
  废话哥 哈哈哈哈
  云顶没有很高而已 TT 别再解释了 心都碎了咯 唉 哈哈哈哈
RT一起久了两个人的性格会逐渐互补 爱得多的那个脾气会变得越来越好 越来越迁就 被爱的那个性格则变得越来越霸道 仍然能走在一起 只因其中一方在努力迎合 总有一个人会改变自己放下底线来迎合纵容你 不是天生好脾气 是特别怕失去你 才宁愿把你越宠越坏困在怀里 其实性格不合只是不爱的借口
  终于看清楚自己的地位了 哈哈哈 emo emo emo TT
 yer look like worm 😨😨
 HAHAHAH now exam I stop hangout already hahaha stay at home study  good girl ☺️☺️☺️☺️
今天的心情从早上一直保持良好状态直到现在 😀😀😀 哈哈哈 谢谢天使 谢谢总是关心我的朋友 谢谢舅舅慷慨捐钱给我 谢谢妈咪准备食物给我 感恩🙏
我在想 如果有天他不理我了 我会怎么办 突然的关心 让我今天好窝心 ☺️ 
 多难找啊 😌 你以为这世上有那么多个都敏俊？哈哈哈
 hahaha no need study then
这个月严重破产 💸 💸💸💸💸
 hahahha my jiujiu keep zat me Hahahaha
RT : ": 😂😂😂 " my god hahaa
妈咪和舅舅讲我喜欢搞失踪 哈哈哈哈
我把筹款卡拿给舅舅 然后他就说 要我给钱和帮你筹钱你才会出现 不然都不懂几时才可以见到你 哈哈哈哈哈 😂😂😂😂
妈咪听见我熬夜读书 准备了一盘苦瓜和青瓜给我 她说要排毒和让我不要那么热气 哈哈哈哈
  算了吧 帮你的朋友好了 出卖我 😭😭 emo hahah
RT : 【2月18日生日书：把握全局的一天】今天出生的人，像是具有磁力一般，透过他们的想法与精力，使周遭的环境生机盎然。他们不拘泥于小节，反而会往后退一步，以便观看完整的全景及更大的视野。在听取各方意见之前，他们很少做任何重要决定。优点：富有吸…
热恋时刻最任性 不顾一切的给约定
 那趟旅行肯定要有我的存在 否则乐趣何在？😂😂😂😂😂
  如何补偿？😏😏
RT : Time will tell and people will soon start to show their true colors.
RT : Bad times make you appreciate the good times.
熬夜一天而已 痘痘就冒出来了 😒
  不行啦你 太难过了 这样对待我 还要诬赖别人 😒😒😒😒
乱写乱答 😒
RT : Ladies. 
我的水壶里装的是被人恶作剧的糖水 😞😞
RT : Park Shin Hye becomes the new face of fashion brand 'Bruno Magli'  
Hello, penguin's angel ❤️ thanks for ur breakfast 💞
RT : This. 👏👏👏 
RT : I'd rather hear your voice than read your text.
RT : When I see old couples... 
RT : 假如蚊子会吸脂肪 它会成为世界上最可爱最多人喜欢的小动物
RT : Before I die, I want to 
RT : I'm not ready for exams yet :(
RT : Juz cheer, take it easy, will be alright soon kay? 😌😌😌
 我的确真的超级无敌的堕落 哈哈哈 历史惨了
 hahaha same with u hahah
RT : 有時候，
一句話重要的不是內容，
而是語氣。
RT : You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
相处越久 越发现是两个世界的人
 哈哈哈 背不进 😂😂😂 有点小累 哈哈哈
其实 这些都是小事而已 没必要说谎 但是你偏偏就是不肯说实话 让我觉得 你很喜欢说谎 逐渐对你的信任越来越少
每一次拆穿谎言时的感觉你想尝试吗？
在乎 才会原谅 继续的说谎 我会对你心淡 然后远离你 结局时 关系到此为止
不要试着挑战别人容忍你的极限
欺骗 是不能宽恕的行为
RT : 最討厭那些有事情又不講清楚的人
RT : "现在陪在我身边的亲爱的傻逼啊 十年后是否依然能陪我一起疯一起闹 你结婚时我想做你的伴娘 做你孩子的干妈 当我们都各自有了家庭 不要忽略了对方 时不时聚在一起谈谈生活讲老公的坏话 等到七老八十 还能感情不变 露出那掉了几颗牙的嘴笑着对方说 你要不要…
RT : 人一松懈太久就会变懒。。。
RT : 在中华 背功弱就输了:/
RT : I want to be rich enough to... 
RT : This 👯✈️ 
 hahaha ya ya 😁😁
Why I'm so careless TT I put my shoe at field and forget to bring back. Hope no one will steal my shoe urgh
 hmm next Wednesday I think . I can't remember hahaha
 next week ...&gt;&lt;
小眠一会儿 哈哈哈哈
我又换天使了 👼👼 这次的天使效率很好 第一天而已 我就收到天使的祝福了 ☺️☺️
RT : 对于世界来说，你是一个人；但对于某个人来说，你可能就是整个世界😉
RT : 每次被人骂完了之后都是晚上躺在床上的时候才想起来该怎么还嘴
Finally it's rain 😙
要在爱情里得到双赢的结果 就是趁大家都还没太认真时 分开好了 曾经的回忆 留着就好 友谊万岁 ☺️
生日快乐 ☺️
不适合 就分手好了 不要搞到那么复杂
我接受不到把爱情当游戏 玩完就算 把女生当什么了？
有点失落感 他没有预期的那么开心和惊喜
I'm very tired now . Can't concentrate to study 😔
I done my surprise ^^
I'm at 6A Ren'14 
 nothing la. My fren lie me . Make me so geksam haha
I'm at Chong Hwa Independent High School (Kuala Lumpur, WP Kuala Lumpur) w/ 6 others 
Goodnight 😁
经常说别人欺骗你 不如说你常骗人 导致没有人向你说真话 这种情况 叫自己拿来的 😒
终于明白为什么你总是不相信别人了。因为你经常欺骗别人 活在谎言的世界里 所以别人的每一句真心话 你也不会相信 我讨厌说谎的你咯
每次答非所问 以为自己还小？😒
那么小事也要说谎 到底你的话能信多少？
要理不理的 不如直接说晚安 不用理更好
RT : 不要仗著我喜歡你 就對我忽冷忽熱。我也有感覺，會難過。
RT : Want want want 
虽然废话很无聊 但是总比敷衍来得好
有人告诉我 你以为性格脾气那么容易改？不要以为啦 😖😖
兴趣不一样 观点不一样 朋友不一样 聊天没有话题 一个好动一个沉默 生活圈子全然不同 怎么会有交集 😪
等一等 我要打报告给自己的女朋友 HAHAHAH 😂😂😂
太多的分叉路 太多的不符合
我喜欢打作文 不喜欢敷衍 😒
和有些人会有聊不完的话题 但是有些人 聊来聊去都是那几句 很闷咯
一直没有心读书
可以不要那么热吗？
其实做那么多有用吗？感觉很快就会结束
Headache for tml plan 😞
RT : 有时候真的很庆幸妈妈把我送到中华
I'm at H&amp;M -  (Kuala Lumpur, WP Kuala Lumpur) w/ 5 others 
RT : 有些人喜欢你短发的样子，有些人喜欢你长发的样子，但喜欢你的人爱你任何的样子；
有些人喜欢你绑马尾的样子，有些人喜欢你绑 bun 的样子，但喜欢你的人爱你任何的样子。 ❤️

中华女生敢敢去吧！💪
I'm at Pavilion Kuala Lumpur - @pavilion_kl (Kuala Lumpur, WP Kuala Lumpur) w/ 33 others 
 Haiz . U cannot sing le emo
RT : Before I die, 
 not very good . Duno can in final anot 😞😞
 Wahhh congrats ☺️
中华的女生离开后 都会变得很漂亮 😎
#np story of my life
 hahaha should sleep now loh hahha good night :D
 hahaha hooray! I'm got a bro will take care me 😘😘😘 !!!
Selfie at this moment  . Hahaha because I can't sleep well . 😞 miss someone so badly ☺️ 
 HAHAHAH really bo? Or treat someone more good than me? Hahaha 😚
我想要有一个可以从现在开始依靠的肩膀 然后陪着我长大 步出社会 建立家庭 体验人生 走向年老的岁月 👪
 真的吗？😏 要很伟大的喔
哈哈哈 有这样的朋友真好 情愿别人和我说废话 也不想让别人敷衍我 😎
有没有人愿意为他在乎的人付出再多 也没有一丝一毫的埋怨 ☺️
 without u , I can't sing well.
 Har ? What ? Come back to sing lah =_= fetch me to dinner and movie Hahahaha
我们是来自完全不同世界的两个人。
#np Eenie meenie
 add oil add oil. Pass then can fetch me out 😁😁😁😁😳
RT : 情绪可以控制，但眼泪不会撒谎。
吃苦当吃宝 才会有出头天 🙈
逐渐的发现 你的性格很自我
Going to take shower now 🚿
Finally I'm home now. Miss my bed so much 😘
RT : HAHAHAHA😂 
RT : 再不读书, 我就死定了
 u got work?
RT : I want a guy to look at me while I'm smiling with my friends and doing stupid things and I want him to think, "damn I love…
 hahaha tweet only mah. Today is last day go out with him loh hahah . Why? Want to meet up? 😁😁 hmm the end of the month.. 😞
 Hahahaha when we also free first lah haha exam is around the corner haha
 walao eh who u want to see oh? Hahaha
Say goodbye to innocence.
Jade butterfield is so charming 😘
发觉自己开始依赖他了 😞
Fight for the love , Fight for the guys who you want ☺️
Endless love ! Nice movie.👍
同班两年 今年才懂 原来他是那么废的一个人 哈哈哈
严重被他气死 讲话很傻啊 哈哈哈
现在叫老公老婆 那么以后叫什么？叫老老公 老老婆 😂😂😂😂😂
Someone use broken English to chat with me ... So so so so funny HAHAHAHHAHAHA all type pinyin hahahahha 😂😂😂😂😂
Someone call me Penqueen 😎😎 hahahahaha
RT : Trust before you Love. Know before you Judge. Commit before you Promise. Forgive before you Forget. Appreciate before …
哈哈哈 把车放得远远是因为想和你多走几步路  😂😂😂
 再夸张一点
I'm at Neway Karaoke Box (Petaling Jaya, Selangor) 
I'm at 1 Utama Shopping Centre (Old Wing) (Petaling Jaya, Selangor) w/ 10 others 
Brother 吵架 希望会和好 🙋
 harlo babe , I'm nothing ah ❤️
我是幸福的小孩 ☺️
坐在教室上课每次都说很累很想放弃不想读书 可是看到他那么辛苦做工 又想想妈咪也是在我读书时 她也很努力的工作 反省下 我该好好认真的读书 💪
有多少情侣可以步出校园后 还可以走下去
RT : You know someone means a lot to you when their mood can easily affect yours.
RT : Don't ever fucking step into my room without my permission.
其实礼物只是心意 不要想的太复杂 有你陪我 我已经很开心了 ☺️
人生的第一次情人节献给了我 😁
Thanks for the valentine present and flower . 😘
RT : With you, I can forget all my problems. With you, time stands still. With you, there's no one else.
RT : Both my favorite!!! 😍😍😍😍😍 
RT : Bora Bora - Who Want To Be There ? 
RT : Luxury Villa Mirage, Spain 
RT : Four Seasons Resort, Bora Bora 
 take care lehhh
 sure emo lah . Bro dunwan acc him woh...
RT : 我祝那个多年以后和我结婚的那个人情人节快乐
 Aiyo u can accompany Junxiang lehhh
 ur plan how ? Ur bf got surprise ?
Harlo 天使 ❤️ 谢谢你的黑玫瑰 可是为什么是黑色的 哈哈 ❤️ 不想公开谁是天使了 因为我的天使很好 哈哈哈 penguin 的天使 希望你情人节快乐 😁😁 
 why Gg oh hahahha
 hmm cannot lahh so sorry haha
 you go with Junxiang first Lohhh
 happy valentine 😘😘😘
 hmm u leh? Come lah accompany ur bro and me hahaha
 okay ! On hahaha Tml u got accompany Junxiang go one u anot?
 hahaha go ur house ah? U should come my house loh hahaha
Then night how oh 😞😞😞 go where ????
Later going out with mummy
Wake up from nap and having dinner now.
RT : Focus on the positives, and soon the negatives will disappear.
妈咪讲放学立刻回家 然后陪她出去 😩
永远你今天没人陪 我空出时间陪你  .. When I saw this msg , feel so touch 🙊🙊
天使 情人节快乐 我还没收到你的祝福叻？哈哈哈哈
 u lose already hahahahaa😂😂😂😂😂
McDonald as my breakfast today! ☺️ thanks ballon 😂😂 
很好 这个时候才来做功课 😒
RT : Live life without any limits, because you'll never know when your time comes. So live, laugh and most importantly be ha…
明天我做爱心天使 把别人的爱意 传达给某人 ☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️
哈哈哈哈 我的巧克力叻？明天买给你咯 哈哈 可爱的朋友 😁😁
RT : 真正的喜欢一个人，就是他完全不符合你心目中的标准，你还是那么喜欢他。
大老远把礼物送到我家 幸福的朋友 😍
