速度更快，支援 Thunderbolt 2 的 PCIe 外接盒開始販售 - 憑藉著 20Gbps 的傳輸能力，讓專業工作用卡有更佳的發揮空間。 Thunderbolt 技術採用 PCIe 通道的特性讓它可以發展出很多有趣的周邊配件，而 Thunderblot 2 轉...
證實代號為 Sophia，HUAWEI Ascend P7 背板圖片曝光 - 繼日前 HUAWEI 代號 Sophia 的新機 Ascend P7 截圖被釋出後，稍早該手機的背板也在稍早曝光。 根據日前曝光的截圖顯示，HUAWEI 代號 Sophia 的新機 Ascend...
沒有新品會在 MWC 亮相，Motorola 確定 25 日舉辦記者會 - Motorola 將在 MWC 世界通訊展上舉辦發表會，但不會有新產品曝光。 Motorola 近日陸續寄出邀請函，宣布將在 2014 年 2 月 25 日，於 MWC...
可能比想像還要複雜，Apple 招聘生理學家爲 iWatch 測試新功能 - Apple iWatch 的功能顯然比我們想像地更複雜，目前正在招聘生理學家測試運動相關功能。 Apple...
Google 搜尋小改版，搜尋音樂影片將比過去更容易 - 常用 Google 找音樂影片？Google 的新搜尋結果版面讓使用者更快找到所需影片。 Google 6 日小幅修改了搜尋結果頁面，現在使用者如果在 Google 搜尋中，輸入音樂曲名和表演者，Google...
[New PVC Figure] Limited Edition P.O.P. Kaku from One Piece presented by Premium Bandai 
May'n shows off her cute new Nendoroid - With the success of the Yukari Tamura Nendoroid, Nana Mizuki Nendoroid, a... 
[New PVC Figure] Limited Edition P.O.P. Kaku from One Piece presented by Premium Bandai Megahouse s Megat.. 
May’n shows off her cute new Nendoroid With the success of the Yukari Tamura Nendoroid, Nana Mizuki Nen.. 
Heroes manga magazine commemorates Ultraman manga's success with a solid gold figure 
Heroes manga magazine commemorates Ultraman manga’s success with a solid gold figure With over 100 mill.. 
iOS 7.1 release slated for March - The next major iOS update, currently in beta stage, may be released a few weeks... 
Steve Wozniak in favor of Apple developing Android smartphones 
Steve Wozniak in favor of Apple developing Android smartphones Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak believes th.. 
iOS 7.1 release slated for March The next major iOS update, currently in beta stage, may be released a fe.. 
"Akame ga KILL!" anime announced - The popular manga will be receiving an anime adaptation in 2014, according to S... 
Shounen Jump! releases the official Nisekoi character rankings 
《生化奇兵：無限之城》追加下載，「海葬二部曲」3 月 25 日釋出確定 - 新年新計劃，還有更多追加下載內容來釋出，這次是《生化奇兵：無限之城》。 2K Games 宣布《生化奇兵：無限之城》追加下載內容第三彈「海葬二部曲」（Burial at Sea – Episode...
延續 Xbox 360 商品脈絡，RAZER 持續參戰開發 Xbox ONE 週邊產品 - 應該不會連周邊都開賣了，但是 Xbox One 還沒在台灣上市吧。 過去也有推出 Xbox 360 周邊的 Razer 現在確定會在 Xbox One 平台持續努力啦！ Razer...
Apple 新專利公布，量子點顯示將為 iOS 裝置提供精確顏色 - 根據美國專利商標局公布的 Apple 專利，Apple 正加緊對量子點顯示技術的研究。 美國專利商標局 6 日公布了三項 Apple 專利，顯示 Apple...
預計年底突破 350 家，目前全球有 268 家電信業者提供 4G LTE 網路 - 根據 GSA 全球行動供應商協會數據統計，目前已經有超過 100 個國家支援 4G LTE 網路，並有 268 家提供此服務的電信業者。 稍早 GSA...
[New Nendoroid] Aim for the stars with Day Break Illusion's Seira Hoshikawa nendoroid 
[New Nendoroid] Aim for the stars with Day Break Illusion’s Seira Hoshikawa nendoroid Good Smile Compan.. 
“Akame ga KILL!” anime announced The popular manga will be receiving an anime adaptation in 2014, acc.. 
Shounen Jump! releases the official Nisekoi character rankings The anime adaptation of Naoshi Komi s hit .. 
Boys not allowed at voice actress Kana Hanazawa’s next meet-the-fans event Sorry boys, looks like the g.. 
Love Live! School Idol Festival mobile game to be localized throughout Asia and in English 
[New PVC Figure] Megahouse G.E.M. Gintoki Sakata looks more serious than usual 
Love Live! School Idol Festival mobile game to be localized throughout Asia and in English The official w.. 
[New PVC Figure] Megahouse G.E.M. Gintoki Sakata looks more serious than usual Megahouse will be adding y.. 
《神鬼寓言：紀念版》中文版即日上市，十年經典薈萃初代感動再現 - 讓人看到就會激動的《神鬼寓言：紀念版》，終於把初代重新復刻在台上市啦！ Xbox 平台招牌角色扮演遊戲《神鬼寓言》系列 10 週年紀念作《神鬼寓言：紀念版》中文版於 6 日在台開賣。本作以最早在 Xbox...
Dell deploys proof-of-concept ARM server to Singapore - Server uses X-Gene 64-bit ARM SoC and is currently undergo... 
More details on Nvidia’s upcoming GTX 750, GTX 750 Ti cards appear online 
Dell deploys proof-of-concept ARM server to Singapore Server uses X-Gene 64-bit ARM SoC and is currently .. 
More details on Nvidia’s upcoming GTX 750, GTX 750 Ti cards appear online Pictures of Galaxy or Palit b.. 
由遠傳電信獨家代理，Samsung GALAXY GRAND Neo 將於 14 日開賣 - Samsung 宣布推出 GALAXY GRAND Neo 樂享機，由遠傳電信獨家推出資費方案，預計 14 日開賣。 Samsung 與遠傳電信攜手，將在 2014 年 2 月...
新曝光照可能與實機有出入，HTC One 2 將採用全觸控操作鍵 - HTC M8 實機正面圖片在稍早曝光，但根據 HTCFamily.ru 說法，這是一張假的合成照。 近日以來 HTC 下一代旗艦 M8...
專利戰的終結或開始，Samsung 與 Cisco 簽訂 10 年交叉授權協定 - Samsung 6 日宣布與 Cisco 簽訂 10 年交叉授權協定。 在與 Google 簽訂交叉授權之後，Samsung 6 日又在官方部落格宣布已與 Cisco 達成 10...
Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 處理器，Sony Xperia Z1 Compact 正式在台開賣 - Sony Mobile 6 日在台灣發表 Xperia Z1 Compact，單機售價新台幣 15,380 元。 Sony Mobile 在 2014 年...
《Titanfall》需登入 EA Origin 系統，PC 版最低硬體需求揭曉 - 剩下一個多月就要發售，更多《Titanfall》明朗消息出爐啦。 橫跨 Xbox 360/Xbox One 以及 PC 平台的《Titanfall》，日前由開發商 Respawn 公開了...
Boys not be allowed at voice actress Kana Hanazawa's next meet-the-fans event 
MSI updates its Destroyer line with the R9 M290X GPU - MSI has unveiled refreshed editions of the GX70 and GX6... 
MSI updates its Destroyer line with the R9 M290X GPU MSI has unveiled refreshed editions of the GX70 and .. 
赤字達到 5 億美元，Twitter 2013 下半年使用成長漸緩 - 雖然偶而會傳出 Twitter 每秒 tweet 數破新高的訊息，但整體來說有點微妙。 Twitter 上市後首度於 5 日發表 2013 年四季度財報數字。本期 Twitter...
IPCom 於德國控告 Apple，要求 15.7 億歐元專利侵害賠償 - Apple 又被告了，IPCom 控告 Apple 侵害專利的訴訟將於下週在德國開庭。 專利蟑螂 IPCom 傳出控告 Apple 侵犯其專利，並將於下週在德國開庭，並要求 15.7...
GM107 晶片曝光，NVIDIA GeForce GTX 750 Ti 與 GeForce GTX 750 蓄勢待發 - 距離發佈的時間越來越近，現在 GM107 的 Die 照片終於曝光了。 NVIDIA 預期將會在 2 月中旬發表代號「Maxwell」的新一代 GPU...
Sony selling off VAIO business, will focus on smartphones and tablets 
MSI’s Destroyer GX70 and GX60 are aptly named MSI has unveiled refreshed editions of the GX70 and GX60 .. 
Sony selling off VAIO business, will focus on smartphones and tablets Sony is reorganizing its business u.. 
Boys not be allowed at voice actress Kana Hanazawa’s next meet-the-fans event Sorry boys, looks like th.. 
個人電腦事業不堪虧損而遭切割，SONY 在 2014 年財政年度前將裁員 5,000 人 - 確定將 VAIO 個人電腦事業賣給日本私募公司「日本產業合作夥伴」（Japan Industrial Partners）後，Sony 公佈了 2013 會計年度第三季的財務報告。...
[New PVC Figure] Play Accel Assault with Accel World’s Kuroyukihime from Griffon Griffon will be releas.. 
[New PVC Figure] Play Accel Assault with Accel World's Kuroyukihime from Griffon 
個人電腦事業將從 SONY 脫離，VAIO 品牌與技術基地將維持不變 - Sony 現預計 6 日下午由社長平井一夫召開記者會進行說明。 近日盛傳 Sony 欲甩虧損兜售個人電腦事業，現有了重大定案。 根據日本經濟新聞披露，Sony 已經在 6 日確認將 VAIO...
Sapphire’s AMD FirePro cards edge out Nvidia Quadro in benchmarks 
19.5 percent of global PC and tablet market captured by Apple last quarter 
Apple will reportedly use LG's stepped battery technology in iWatch 
Gigabyte R9 290x WindForce 3X OC review - Can Gigabyte's take on the Radeon R9 290x correct the imperfections of t... 
19.5 percent of global PC and tablet market captured by Apple last quarter A research firm s new report e.. 
Gigabyte R9 290x WindForce 3X OC review Can Gigabyte s take on the Radeon R9 290x correct the imperfectio.. 
Sapphire’s AMD FirePro cards edge out Nvidia Quadro in benchmarks Sapphire’s AMD’s FirePro cards ar.. 
Apple will reportedly use LG’s stepped battery technology in iWatch Word on the street is that Apple is.. 
蘿拉造型跨棚亮相，《雷光歸來：Final Fantasy XIII》美版特典確認 - 當雷光換上蘿拉勁裝，完全不一樣的感受就在《雷光歸來：Final Fantasy XIII》！ 繼先前釋出 16 位元懷舊風宣傳影片，美版的《雷光歸來：Final Fantasy...
強化電池與 LCD 指示燈表現，HTC 將推出穿戴裝置改善銷售劣勢 - HTC 將於 2014 年推出穿戴式裝置，並期望能藉此扭轉股價持續下滑的劣勢。 近日 HTC 受 Bloomberg 採訪時表示，其實他們在多年前就在觀察智慧手錶與穿戴裝置的市場，但必須先解決電池跟...
Fist of the North Star’s Kenshirou and Raoh join J Stars Victory VS Shounen Jump! s upcoming team battl.. 
Fist of the North Star's Kenshirou and Raoh join J Stars Victory VS 
Is Facebook trying to hide something? - Facebook has recently released a tool for making Android apps more secure ... 
Is Facebook trying to hide something? Facebook has recently released a tool for making Android apps more .. 
新介面風格將以平面化為主，新版本 S Voice 將在 GALAXY S 5 上採用 - 雖然我們不知道 Samsung GALAXY S 5 會配備怎樣的新功能，但可以確定包括 S Health、WatchON 與 S Voice 都會有所更新。 近日包括 S...
Sequel to "Gargantia" set to be announced at AnimeJapan - All the details on a sequel to Gargantia on the Verdurou... 
Sequel to “Gargantia” set to be announced at AnimeJapan All the details on a sequel to Gargantia on t.. 
[New Articulated Figure] Robot Spirits Gundam Deathscythe ready to strike fear Gundam Wing s stealthy Gun.. 
[New Articulated Figure] Robot Spirits Gundam Deathscythe ready to strike fear 
Google 高層異動，廣告部門資深副總裁將入主 YouTube 團隊 - YouTube 新主管傳為 Google 廣告部門的資深副總裁 Susan Wojcicki。 據報導 Google 廣告部門資深副總裁 Susan Wojcicki 將入主 YouTube...
Initial D movie trilogy announced in new trailer - Avex Entertainment released on Tuesday a trailer for the first... 
[New PVC Figure] OreImo's Kuroneko gets catty in a school swimsuit 
[New Articulated Figure] SH FiguArts Barnaby Brooks Jr Style 2 ready to roll 
Apple releases iOS 7.1 beta 5, patches jailbreak exploits, adds new Siri voices 
John Carmack finally shares why he left id software - Spat with former employer over VR ports of future games push... 
Initial D movie trilogy announced in new trailer Avex Entertainment released on Tuesday a trailer for the.. 
Updated Google Maps iOS app finds fastest routes - Google Maps for iOS has been updated, its capable of telling us... 
iPhone 4 production reportedly resumed for emerging markets - Rumor has it that Apple has once again started produ... 
Details on unreleased Kabini SKUs spotted in the wild - HP spec sheet reveals previously unknown models of AMD... 
Apple releases iOS 7.1 beta 5, patches jailbreak exploits, adds new Siri voices Apple continues to tweak .. 
John Carmack finally shares why he left id software Spat with former employer over VR ports of future gam.. 
[New Articulated Figure] SH FiguArts Barnaby Brooks Jr Style 2 ready to roll The upcoming Tiger &amp; Bunny: .. 
[New PVC Figure] OreImo’s Kuroneko gets catty in a school swimsuit Kuroneko literally means black cat i.. 
Celebrate Valentine's day with PriRoll's Attack on Titan cakes 
iPhone 4 production reportedly resumed for emerging markets Rumor has it that Apple has once again starte.. 
Details on unreleased Kabini SKUs spotted in the wild HP spec sheet reveals previously unknown models of .. 
Updated Google Maps iOS app finds fastest routes Google Maps for iOS has been updated, its capable of tel.. 
Celebrate Valentine’s day with PriRoll’s Attack on Titan cakes It s already the love month known as F.. 
中華電信推出「Hami樂享行動幸福生活」跨世代傳遞幸福申辦加值方案 - 台北國際書展自2月5日至10日於世貿一、二、三館隆重展開。 中華電信搭配書展「開啟一頁...
遠傳 e 書城與線上實體書展優惠同步展開 - 2014台北國際書展於今日在世貿中心盛大展開，即日起至2/10，遠傳e書城線上和實體書展同步提供回饋愛書人的年度最大優惠！...
一機三卡，LG 於巴西推 Optimus L1 II Tri 智慧型手機 - LG 在巴西推出了三卡智慧型手機 Optimus L1 II Tri E475，是一款入門定位的產品。 LG 近日在巴西發表了一款支援三卡功能的智慧型手機 Optimus L1 II...
擺脫「BETA」模式，《戰車世界 Xbox 360 版》 2 月 12 日全面開放 - 算算也該是時候，《戰車世界 Xbox 360 版》就這麼預備上線嚕！ 在進行一段不算短的測試活動後，《戰車世界：Xbox 360 版》甫於 1 月 29 日關閉伺服器，目前則是宣布會在...
myfone 購物 APP 情人節，「邱比特」送花告白大出擊 - 「myfone購物」APP情人節告白大出擊！配合西洋情人節來臨，採取最新的C2B2C模式，依據消費者送花需求，客製化情人節告白花禮，推出「myfone邱比特．告白我幫你」活動。...
'Gundam Build Fighters Original Mobile Suit Championship' winners announced, featured in Ep 17 
AMD Project Discovery 先行者，外接硬碟大小的 Tango Super PC 由 ECS 代工 - AMD 在 CES 2014 上展示了一款採用「Mullins」APU 的 Pocket PC，不過在 indiegogo...
Idolm@ster film featured in new trailer - The official Idolm@ster website started streaming a trailer on Monday fo... 
The Canvio Home is a versatile NAS from Toshiba - Toshiba’s new Canvio Home series of network attached drive... 
The Canvio Home is a versatile NAS from Toshiba Toshiba’s new Canvio Home series of network attached dr.. 
‘Gundam Build Fighters Original Mobile Suit Championship’ winners announced, featured in Ep 17 The of.. 
Idolm@ster film featured in new trailer The official Idolm@ster website started streaming a trailer on Mo.. 
配備仿皮革背蓋，Samsung GALAXY S 4 LTE-A 在韓國推新色 - Samsung 於韓國推出玫瑰金黑 / 玫瑰金白 GALAXY S 4 LTE-A，背蓋為與 GALAXY Note 3 一樣的仿皮革材質。 Samsung 在稍早宣布於韓國推出...
配備 FireFox OS 的入門新機，HUAWEI Ascend II Y300 曝光 - HUAWEI 將推出 FireFox OS 智慧型手機 Ascend II Y300，而這款產品早在 CES 消費性電子展上曝光。 HUAWEI 一款低階定位的 FireFox...
Jelly Bean crosses 60 percent mark in latest Android distribution numbers 
Jelly Bean crosses 60 percent mark in latest Android distribution numbers Google s latest Android distri.. 
Zenigatarobo searches all over Japan for Lupin III Detective Zenigata will do anything and everything jus.. 
Zenigatarobo searches all over Japan for Lupin III - Detective Zenigata will do anything and everything just to ca... 
暫時未有在台上市計劃，Nexus 5 紅色款正式推出 - LG 釋出新聞稿，宣布攜手 Google 推出紅色款 Nexus 5。 LG 稍早釋出新聞稿，宣布與 Google 一同推出 Nexus 5 第三種配色，也就是日前曝光的紅色款；這款手機已經在 Google Play...
行動與雲端技術是未來要項，Satya Nadella 公開信闡明 Microsoft 走向 - Satya Nadella 新官上任三把火，立馬發送了任內的第一封信給全體員工。 甫出爐的 Microsoft 新任執行長 Satya Nadella...
市場低靡被迫放棄 PC 事業，SONY 正爲 VAIO 尋找第二條路 - PC 市場持續低靡是大家所見到的事情，而身為日系台柱之一的 Sony 似乎不願在面對虧損，打算將 PC 事業脫手。 日經（Nikkei）報導指出，Sony 正與 JIP（Japan...
自行車零件廠拓新業務，Shimano 發表 CM-1000 運動攝影機 - 變速器製造大廠跨足運動攝影器材的首件作品，整合了 ANT+ 感測器協定。 從 GoPro 開始廣受歡迎的運動攝影機風潮，即將加入一個新玩家。以製造自行車變速器、釣魚捲線器等機械組件的日本大廠...
‘Titanfall’ minimum system requirements listed, 64-bit OS mandatory 
Asus launches a Chromebox for $179 - The first Chromebox from Asus is the most affordable way to access Chrome... 
‘Titanfall’ minimum system requirements listed, 64-bit OS mandatory The minimum system requirements f.. 
Asus launches a Chromebox for $179 The first Chromebox from Asus is the most affordable way to access Chr.. 
Computer mouse that can give you six pack abs (sort of) - Need a quick fix to your internet couch potato tendencie... 
Computer mouse that can give you six pack abs (sort of) Need a quick fix to your internet couch potato te.. 
Red Nexus 5 now available on Google Play, retains its premium hardware and mid-range price 
Red Nexus 5 now available on Google Play, retains its premium hardware and mid-range price Google has qui.. 
320 萬畫素前鏡頭與 3,200mAh 電池，Samsung GALAXY S 5 規格再度釋出 - Samsung Unpacked 5 邀請函釋出不久，GALAXY S 5 規格配置再度被釋出。 Samsung 在官方 Twitter 上公佈 Unpacked 5...
作業系統更新停止，Sony Mobile 確認部分型號將無法繼續獲升級 - Sony Mobile 官方已經證實，部份已經推出 18 個月以上的智慧型手機，未來將不會取得作業系統更新。 Sony Mobile 稍早在官方網頁上，證實部份已經推出 18 個月至 24...
最高 90MB/s 的讀取速度，Kingston SDHC/SDXC UHS-I U3 記憶卡登場 - Kingston 發表了一款新的 microSD 記憶卡，而這產品在 CES 2014 中曾經展出過。 這款全新的 SDHC/SDXC UHS-I Speed Class...
Samsung's Galaxy Gear gets a $120 price cut in India - Samsung India has slashed the price of the Galaxy Gear by a... 
Samsung’s Galaxy Gear gets a $120 price cut in India Samsung India has slashed the price of the Galaxy .. 
R&amp;D 計劃與土耳其版 Siri 交換，Apple Store 將在 4 月於伊斯坦堡設點 - 前進土耳其，Apple Store 4 月將在伊斯坦堡拓展新店。 Tim Cook 與土耳其總統 Abdullah Gül 會面後，消息指出 Apple...
Pebble appstore baked into new iOS app - The Pebble smartwatch gets a dedicated appstore through its updated offic... 
Pebble appstore baked into new iOS app The Pebble smartwatch gets a dedicated appstore through its update.. 
外型與 NUC 相近，採 Intel 處理器的 ASUS Chromebox 將於 3 月份上市 - 這台長得跟 Intel NUC 沒兩樣的主機，其實是 ASUS 新推出的 Chromebox。 可能 ASUS 真的很懶，所以直接把 NUC 改裝成 Chromebox...
接替 Steve Ballmer，Satya Nadella 將擔任 Microsoft 第三任 CEO - Microsoft 第三任 CEO 人選確認，將由 Satya Nadella 接替 Steve Ballmer。 Satya Nadella 加入...
It’s Satya - Microsoft names cloud and server boss Satya Nadella to vacated CEO position. Microsoft’... 
10 megapixel or higher iPhone 6 camera with f/1.8 aperture and interchangeable resin lenses rumored 
It’s Satya Microsoft names cloud and server boss Satya Nadella to vacated CEO position. Microsoft’s n.. 
10 megapixel or higher iPhone 6 camera with f/1.8 aperture and interchangeable resin lenses rumored The l.. 
[New PVC Figure] Rule the sea and the beach with Beach Queens Iona 
[New Nendoroid] Nendoroid Nadeko shows off her snakey charm The Monogatari Series Nadeko Sengoku has surp.. 
[New PVC Figure] Rule the sea and the beach with Beach Queens Iona Arpeggio of Blue Steel s cute little s.. 
[New Nendoroid] Nendoroid Nadeko shows off her snakey charm - The Monogatari Series' Nadeko Sengoku has surprised... 
Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate 3.0 G3 隨身碟，加入粉絲團就有獲獎機會 - 連續假期就要結束了，找不到隨身碟，沒關係，現在我們將送出一顆 64GB 的 USB 3.0 隨身碟！ VR-Zone 將送出 Kingston...
LG confirms OIS Plus 13 MP camera with Ultra HD video recording for G Pro 2 
New device to be launched at Samsung Unpacked 5 on February 24 
iPhone 6, Samsung Galaxy S5 full specs purportedly revealed by investment firm 
iPhone 6, Samsung Galaxy S5 full specs purportedly revealed by investment firm A reputable Korea-based st.. 
LG confirms OIS Plus 13 MP camera with Ultra HD video recording for G Pro 2 LG continues to gradually tri.. 
Gigabyte rolls out Celeron J1800 motherboard Intel’s Celeron J1800 uses the same Atom chip as the Asus.. 
New device to be launched at Samsung Unpacked 5 on February 24 Samsung is set to hold an unpacked event d.. 
Gigabyte rolls out Celeron J1800 motherboard - Intel’s Celeron J1800 uses the same Atom chip as the Asus... 
Sword Art Online: Hollow Fragment — Kirito customization options, Sinon &amp; Strea event scenes The Black .. 
與電信商合作前進拉丁美洲市場，LINE 在 Firefox OS 市集開放下載 - 前進拉丁美洲市場，LINE 推出 Firefox OS 版本。 Firefox OS 是 Mozilla 主導研發，在 MWC 2013...
Sword Art Online: Hollow Fragment  Kirito customization options, Sinon &amp; Strea event scenes 
代號為 Sophia，HUAWEI Ascend P7 或於 MWC 2014 發表 - HUAWEI 代號 Sophia 的新機 Ascend P7 截圖被釋出，或許會在 MWC 2014 世界通訊展發表。 雖然 HUAWEI 官方並未證實，但 Ascend P7...
加入地圖顯示追蹤，Samsung 新版 S Health App 截圖曝光 - Samsung 將會在 GALAXY S 5 上採用最新版本的 S Health，除了介面有所不同外，亦加入了地圖顯示追蹤功能。 據稱是從 Samsung SM-G900H、也就是 GALAXY...
[New PVC figure] FiguArts Zero Shanks gears up for battle - One of One Piece's most powerful pirates gets yet anot... 
Verizon snags Huron, Samsung’s first Windows Phone 8.1device 
Verizon snags Huron, Samsung’s first Windows Phone 8.1device Samsung s first Windows Phone device in 2.. 
[New PVC figure] FiguArts Zero Shanks gears up for battle One of One Piece s most powerful pirates gets y.. 
採用 Celeron SoC 處理器，GIGABYTE 推出 J1800N-D2H ITX 主機板 - GIGABYTE 推出一款採用 Intel Celeron 處理器的 SoC 主機板。 原先名稱爲 Bay Trail-D，屬於 Intel Silvermont...
World Scope presents Iona and Takao 'Arpeggio of Blue Steel' 3D mouse pads 
World Scope presents Iona and Takao ‘Arpeggio of Blue Steel’ 3D mouse pads Arpeggio of Blue Steel has.. 
加入 OIS Plus 技術，LG G Pro 2 將維持 1,300 萬畫素 - 1 月份，LG 已經證實將會在 MWC 2014 發表 G Pro 2 智慧型手機，現在更多細節公佈了。 LG G Pro 2 將會擁有 13MP 的照相功能，同時 LG 也會加入 OIS...
Dell in decline: Major layoffs as company continues downward trajectory 
Dell in decline: Major layoffs as company continues downward trajectory Fifteen-thousand layoffs expected.. 
Bitcoin's big Vegas bet - Bitcoin has been gaining mainstream acceptance as a mode of payment for various institut... 
Bitcoin’s big Vegas bet Bitcoin has been gaining mainstream acceptance as a mode of payment for various.. 
Banpresto celebrates Monster Hunter's 10th anniversary with Ichiban Kuji 
Toei Hero World to sell Kamen Rider steamed buns - Toei Hero World: Namco Action Museum  Japan's first museum/... 
Toei Hero World to sell Kamen Rider steamed buns Toei Hero World: Namco Action Museum  Japan s first mus.. 
Banpresto celebrates Monster Hunter’s 10th anniversary with Ichiban Kuji Capcom s Monster Hunter series.. 
Samsung Unpacked 活動確認，GALAXY S 5 有望在 MWC 2014 登場 - Samsung Unpacked 第 5 部曲要來了。 在幾個小時前，Samsung Mobile 在官方 Twitter 上公佈了 Unpacked 5...
Facebook Paper for iPhone released - Facebook's highly anticipated news reader has now hit the App Store, albeit o... 
iPhone bursts into flames inside teenager's pocket, causes burns 
iPhone bursts into flames inside teenager’s pocket, causes burns An iPhone burst into flames inside the.. 
Facebook Paper for iPhone released Facebook s highly anticipated news reader has now hit the App Store, a.. 
PlayStation 4 update incoming, brings support for Sony's PULSE headsets 
PlayStation 4 update incoming, brings support for Sony’s PULSE headsets The PlayStation 4 will start re.. 
Normandy 歸 Asha 系列產品，Nokia X 預計 3 月正式推出 - 代號 Normandy 的 Android 智慧型手機 Nokia X，或許會在 2014 年 3 月發表，且是 Asha 系列產品。 消息指出，Nokia 在印度的高階主管表示，代號...
支援系統及多媒體音量調整，Windows Phone 8.1 新功能截圖曝光 - 疑似 Windows Phone 8.1 截圖被釋出，在通知列的設計上似乎要比以往更為人性化。 雖然 Windows Phone 8...
與 Google 關係更進一步，一款 Nexus 裝置或將交由 Lenovo 負責 - 消息指出，Lenovo 將會推出其中一款 Google Nexus 末代產品，不知道是否就是 Nexus 6 呢？ Google 日前透過官網證實，2011 年以 125...
2014 年 3 月底亮相，HTC One 2 將在美國紐約發表 - 消息指出，HTC One 的後繼機種 M8，可能會在 2014 年 3 月於紐約發表。 HTC One 發表至今已經近 1 年的時間，後繼機種 M8 可望在近日曝光；根據  於...
Steam survey shows Christmas gains for Windows 8.1, Nvidia - Monthly hardware survey from Steam shows nothing monu... 
Steam survey shows Christmas gains for Windows 8.1, Nvidia Monthly hardware survey from Steam shows nothi.. 
Asus’ first wearable device will be a smartwatch - Asus is getting into the wearable game, and may debut a... 
部分產品直接進入死亡，OCZ Storage Solutions 更新產品保固說明 - 在被 Toshiba 買下，更名爲 OCZ Storage Solutions 之後，公司產品的保固條款將有些更動。 現階段，OCZ 新推出的 SSD 將維持正常的保固，不過非 SSD...
Asus’ first wearable device will be a smartwatch Asus is getting into the wearable game, and may debut .. 
XFX gets into the gaming chassis segment with the Type 1 Bravo 
KitKat comes to HTC One just in time for Valentine's Day - Sprint looks to have won the US race for fastest carr... 
XFX gets into the gaming chassis segment with the Type 1 Bravo The Type 1 Bravo is a mid-tower gaming ch.. 
KitKat comes to HTC One just in time for Valentine’s Day Sprint looks to have won the US race for faste.. 
HTC One successor M8 poised for possible March release - The HTC M8 might be set for a launch in March, and will l... 
Warranty on Sapphire cards gets upgraded to three years in Taiwan 
HTC One successor M8 poised for possible March release The HTC M8 might be set for a launch in March, and.. 
Warranty on Sapphire cards gets upgraded to three years in Taiwan Lobbying by a retailer due to customer .. 
[New Articulated Figure] Robot Spirits -SIDE MS- Crossbone Gundam X1 Full Cloth from Bandai 
Early build of Windows 8.1 Update 1 leaked online An early build of Windows 8.1 Update 1 has leaked onlin.. 
[New Articulated Figure] Robot Spirits -SIDE MS- Crossbone Gundam X1 Full Cloth from Bandai From the mang.. 
Early build of Windows 8.1 Update 1 leaked online - An early build of Windows 8.1 Update 1 has leaked online on f... 
目標是超越 Samsung 與 Apple，Lenovo 預期 2015 年手機出貨量達一億 - 在接受 Fortune 訪問時，Lenovo 執行長確信他們將會超越 Samsung 以及 Apple。 Lenovo 在 30 日以 29.1 億美元買下原屬於 Google...
[New Premium Figure] DX Chogokin YF-29 Durandal Valkyrie (Ozma Custom) from Macross Frontier 
