我当初他妈应该修中文和中国文学然后去写词就好了 ==
用情太深太重 别人笑我看不开
一世聪明愿做 爱情的蠢材 
#nowplaying
 relax maximum jiu can score band 5 liao. serious. haha.
 soli future leader
Gina diok si gina muahahaha
 give up le lo haha
 tml last paper haha
This final results won't be good cause I emo all the time hahahaha
#nowplaying 你要的不是我
Last revision for last paper yay
 u okay?
Have to re-clean the room a night before exam -_-
但一切故事结束之后 心也喜欢一个人寂寞
RT : My advice to people who look sad.  
I dont mind losing but if you crossed the line I'll definitely fight back till you get down ;)
Langsung cannot focus~
Lazy to the the max to the power of infinity
Lemme finish the last paper and I dont care about the outcome =.=
RT : #Aries are brutally honest and straightforward and dont care if you like it or not.
RT : I don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. 

I feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need somet…
同是天涯沦落人
RT : I'm single because...
• I already have food
• People are confusing as heck
• I'm never good enough 
• The person I like, n…
 jiayou! spread this positivity to others :)
我不会看错人的 XD
Cause life is too boring and dull and ordinary and stupid so I like to act differently
别人笑我太疯癫 
我笑他人看不穿
RT : 中国报讯：罹患血癌的台湾著名艺人“青蛙王子”高凌风，今晚7时50分病逝于台湾新店慈济医院，享年63岁。
My mind is too lazy for everything except food and entertainment
I woke up and I feel unhappy. why leh
How I wish I can blend in your world
也许今天我 能肯牺牲不爱你很多 明日能让你很爱惜我
If you want something, don't do things contradict to what you want. SIMPLE
 not bad what haha
Where should I start? I have no ideaaaaa
Why do people always pick appearance than heart -_-
Like seriously, that guy is obviously a douche!
I'm so addicted to drama that I want to kill that douchebag ==
3 guys armed with special weapons just hunted down the biggest and fattest lizard ever LOLLL
Do what you want cause I don't care and I can live without you muahaha
Nothing is ever easy.
有一种爱情叫做紫兰仙子孙悟空；叫做默默付出却不会累；有一种爱情叫做韦小宝小金鱼；至死不渝却不能在一起。
分分离离 扣人心弦
Just give me a reason #Nowlistening
 isnt looking younger always better hahaha
I feel old ==
This is what you got after you stopped playing basketball for few weeks -_-
RT : Live Simply. Dream Big. Be Grateful. Give Love. Laugh Lots.
I'm still going to watch Hello Babies and From Vegas to Macau!! Alone!! ==
无奈 又怎样 哈哈
伤心 又怎样 哈哈
Fairy Tail Counter Attack! It's always nice seeing them counter
Nothing like the typical Cny movie. Good job M'sia Good Job Qiu 导
The Journey is damn nice!
RT : Raisin cookies that look like chocolate chip cookies is the main reason I have trust issues.
La la la la la la~ I dont care bout business paper ~
Sadness overload
So hot during the day, so cold during the night. 
I'm not living on somewhere else right
不是你的过 不是你的错
也许是我自己想得太多
直到我視線開始模糊　而你卻滿臉不在乎 我才明白　學會變法術也回不到最初
SAD I FEEL SAD
Happy Valentine's folks :D 

Google today is cute :D
I shall watch 3 movies a day when it's possible.
I want to watch the journey, hello babies, from vegas to macau!!!!! GRHH
I'm always mad. And mean. And bad.
Watched some sad love story on Valentine's LOLLL..
Balance diok account muahahaha
Though I wrong 1 quest already -_-
Happy Valentine's Day! Happy Chap Gor Meh!
 sama sama saje
Langsung takde form and spirit
Let it go~ let it go~
As long as I can finish accounts questions I dun care it's balance or not zz
Such a small world indeed.
RT : 领袖1 2 3法则: 当自己说完一句话，要听别人说两句话，再对别人点三次头.
Accounts haha I give up -.-
Never realised Chap Goh Meh and Valentine's falls on the same day..
So I started watching the drama before my criminal law paper and Imma finish them before my accounts paper. omg im too fast
RT : Analysis: How Steven Gerrard contributed crucially in all areas during the drama at Fulham -  http://t.co/Lp…
5 hours for accounts! Mission impossible starts :D
RT : PHOTO: This is how the Premier League table looks after #LFC's last-minute victory over Fulham on Wednesday... http://t.co/3iLvNG1…
2 hours before to exam. Gaming drama movies everything come out LOL
I'm still watching drama omg
RT : In my head I'm actually planning what to do during semester break. better jot down before i forget.
Oh I see an argument. Interesting. Go on. 
*grabs popcorn*
Okay study. Study. And study.
Now I can watch Loki trolling everybody as much as I want :D
凄美的爱情，通常只出现在虚幻世界里；
现实世界的爱情，是凄凉的。
SO much things to read *sigh
Life's hard.
 happy birthday :) I know you like mine too heheheheheh
Oh yeah brain exercise. Who cares bout finals muahaha
 exam lol
Anxiety
RT : Nothing better than togetherness #YNWA #teamjesus #LFC 
Drinkin coffee just to boost mental performance loll
Hello Byakuya!
If I survive criminal law paper and accounts paper I'm almost free muahahaha
Old dramas are always classic and epic.
Ahhh i want to watch all the cny movies!!!!!!!!!!
Everybody is so hardworking sigh
RT : just because i hate me doesnt mean you can
Everything is going to get better.
 so which am I
RT : When you are up, your friends know who you are. When you are down, you know who is your friend.
Fire @@
#nowlistening 黑裙子
RT : I watched this like a thousand times as a kid 
I'm so lucky with bugs this week. 
oh God save me
Some gigantic bee-like but not bee bug just invaded my room.
你的转变 像断掉的弦
I cant read anymore arghhhh time to relaxx
 same -_-
Today's the day! And I'm still sleepy!
RT : flappy bird is like the new angry bird except this time i am the angry one
 pro head la pro. real pro jiu good liao zz
 not exam stuffs kk dun worry. but seriously no exam mood pun==
 erm hard to explain lol
 zomikk~
RT : Jiraiya Sensei Epic Fan Art  
Really don't feel like this is exam. Especially something weird is going on -_-
Yay distractions. I like distractions when I'm studying.
RT : You can do anything in life, Just don't be a fucking bitch.
RT : Do you ever feel like you're not friends with some of your friends?
You survived tougher troubles! This aint something you should worry!
I dont want to study :(
RT : Valentine’s Day is in 5 days so if you are secretly in love with me I suggest you reveal it now.
I want drama. I want comedy. I want to relax
睡觉如果不睡到自然醒就不算睡觉！！！
Eminem &lt;3
Oh new wallpaper yay
RT : I Jump You Jump. Remember?  
 even english makes me feel stressed kayy your english is good dont worry haha
It really amazes me that how I changed from so determined to so demotivating LOL
Boosting morality and motivation...............................................................................process failed
RT : 是你的，永遠都是你的；不是你的，不管你怎麼掙，怎麼搶，也都不會屬於你。命裡有時終需有，命裡無時莫強求。
Even english seems hard to me now. Fuck. #stresstothemax
Emoooo why every choices available now is die hard or die harder~ I wanna live free hahahaha
No more input -_- good or bad
Going to download every movies possible!
It's funny how a show for kids teach you more stuffs than those shows for adults.
 pillar ur head la pillar -.- i damn stressed ok
Stress stress stress stress stress stress 
I'm fucking stressed
不给我机会解释，也至少给告诉我我栽在哪啊 -_-
Current status: I had memorized too many stuffs untiI forgot did I actually memorized them or it's a deja vu
人人都怕自己不清醒，希望自己心明如镜。 其實人生何必太清醒？
因為看輕, 所以快樂; 因為看淡，所以幸福。
何谓悲惨人生？就是你回来第一天吃杯面，第二天一大早他妈的考试
 i wish i can lo haha
Going to start revision after lunch!
*skip lunch today*
 pro leg no need study de.. i need gok haha
Sh*t have been chargin my battery for so long
 need de ok =_= whole week studied shariah only zz
 kiet head la-.- bo xim study pun..
 i cant sleep eventhough at bus i barely sleep -_-
Lay on my bed when I get back till now. I like this life. But I need my astro. And no exam.
I don't feel like studyin..helppp
Emo bah emo bah I get stronger when I emo
我后来发现 你的侧脸 只是我脑子里面的一点残缺 #nowlistening
It's die or die harder. *sign
 serious next week want bo
I cant stop playing CSGO. I'm addicted.
Hello melaka.
Do you wanna build a snowman~ freezing on the bussss
RT : PHOTO: A deserved team celebration... #LFC 
 1045pm bus. Now family watchin tv plus no internet TT usin mobile data
 dafuq....arghhh later back melaka no more astro ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
 i also cannot believe -_- arsenal def how? I cant watch live zz
RT : 20mins: It's gone from incredible to just ridiculous!  latches onto a through ball and curls home for a fourth #LFC 4-…
RT : PHOTO:  converts at the back post to claim Liverpool's third of four goals so far #LFC 4-0 #AFC 
RT : Quite possibly the quickest start to a game I have ever seen... @lfc #anfield
This team is on fire~
RT : GOAL!!!!!!! #4-0 #LFC!!!!!!!!!
RT : 16mins: This is nothing short of incredible.  taps in at the back post after being found by a Luis Suarez cross #LFC 3-…
I must watch highlights!!
 dun sad dun sad.
RT : GOAL!!!!!!! It's 3-0 #LFC!!!!!!!!
RT : 10mins: Martin Skrtel again!! The defender powers a header into the top corner from Steven Gerrard's delivery. What a start! #LFC …
RT : GOAL!!!!! #LFC 2-0!!!!
RT : 1min: Steven Gerrard swings in a free-kick which arrives at Martin Skrtel, who prods past the goalkeeper for 1-0 to the Reds! #LFC…
Another sign says that love is too much for me right now -_-
We ain't gonna lose! #LFCvAFC
RT : Arsenal team to face #LFC: Szczesny, Sagna, Mertesacker, Koscielny, Monreal, Wilshere, Arteta, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Cazorla, Ozil, …
RT : Confirmed #LFC team v : Mignolet, Flanagan, Cissokho, Toure, Skrtel, Gerrard, Henderson, Sterling, Coutinho, Suarez, Sturr…
Me so stupid. *sobs*
RT : How I feel about Flappy Bird.  
I want to watch Liverpool vs Arsenal lahhhhh
Why so mainstream lol
And here we go. The last revision and not going to see them until I reach Melaka.
Really don't feel like studying. Can I go into the exam hall right now and settle them -_- Though I'll fail most probably LOL
RT : All the best to the Reds today. Massive game.
It's really simple to tell.. for me lol
RT : I'm not afraid to try again, I'm just afraid of getting hurt for the same reason.
RT : Dear millionaires, if you do not have a bookshelf that spins into another room, give me your money because you’re spendi…
Big bang theory hahahaha
Classic songs are classic
一场游戏一场梦。
 the journey. I watch after business i guess haha
Guess I'll have to watch The Journey during finals haha
10 days still full theater and when I finally decoded to watch it. grhh
Who am I to care ~
Have to miss the game tonight whyyyyuy
The journey. Impress me but dont make me cry.
