新年快乐。
Finally someone wrote about this.        The ‘How Are You?’ Culture Clash, via   
Hummmm 
Anyone can do it. “: Programmes: Is photojournalism dying? ”.
 feeling like living in a big fridge
“: Are you qualified to be a journalist in China? ”.  Hahahaha. It's funny but true.
childhood 
wish 
new york, new york 
We need more ironies.
不知道怎么骂。也不知道该骂谁。只能闭嘴咬牙切齿。中。 国。
又听了一遍法院门口的录音。又体会到了那种压抑到要爆炸的愤怒。又觉得荒唐可怜可笑。在什么“权”都没有的地方，那群人竟然知道说“你侵犯了我的肖像权。”
China. All I want to say to you is gonna be in this film. It's not just a film.
荒谬国里发生的荒谬事一天比一天更荒谬
An American Neurotic in Paris 
yes or no 
winter begins 
insufficient and superfluous 
Chinese Newspaper Asks Police to Free Detained Reporter 
4 AM Silence 
China's Left Behind Children 
Before September Ends 
前天，跟很多国的人在一起，讨论《世界人权宣言》三十条中哪条最有趣。轮到我。我说，我给你们讲一个笑话：“我来自中国”。说完，大家都笑了。
在那的时候，我整夜做噩梦。在这，睡不着。那边的白天和这边的夜一样不见一点星光。已经过了凌晨四点了。
China teen arrested for controversial crime of spreading rumors online 
饿
为什么几乎所有的关于中国的纪录片里都有边吃饭边聊天的镜头。好好学习努力工作家庭大事边聊得全都语重心长。反胃。
The land was (and still is) inaccessible and forbidden, but the camera got as close as the lens allowed.Thx for showing me what it was like
Oh time, suspend your flight!
I searched all over for a photo that doesn't exist, or exists only in the mind. I couldn't find it, of course, but i saw it.#halluciation
今天的纽约时报。呵呵。名单很有趣。（李开复 杨澜 潘石屹 叶海燕 李厚霖 任志强）Some of  China’s Prominent Internet Voices 
 哪里可以看到Forbidden Voices啊？
#歧视 唐人街的房东老太不肯把房子租给美国人。说只租中国人。最后，租给了一个韩国人。
 just as protect "national security" at the cost of individual's security. it's the American sense of humor that I didn't get
A bunch of people vote on whether or not to attack a country. Is this the so -called "world's oldest constitutional democracy"? #DEMONcracy
饿
RT : Still a couple spots left for Fall Internships. Join our team in New York for 3 months 
又一个通宵剪辑。早晚分不清了。时间死了。
 一天一顿。
在中国过着美国时间，在美国过着中国时间。只有画面声音，没有白天黑夜。
外面，虫子一声声地把天喊醒。屋里一帧帧的剪，剪出天亮。
now or never.
Hello, America.
Good night, China. What nightmare have you in store for me tonight?
Wheelchair Karate 
昨天还有不舍的心，被一个梦粉碎。恨不能现在就登机，离开，就算起飞的时候没准会哭。我的#中国梦#是有一天我不再做关于中国的噩梦。
梦里被一只长着人脸的蝙蝠追得东躲西藏。蝙蝠会飞会打洞还能钻墙。无所不在。不是追在身后就是堵在眼前。吓醒了。还是一直做这样的他们追我躲的梦。
不安、不舍。
One of the MANY reasons that I've moved to Adobe Premiere CS6 from FCP is its flowery launching box.
RT : When you pitch a story, make sure to focus on the characters 
RT :  也许是我前世作恶多端，世阎王爷看看18层不够用把我投到中国来了
 the Great China
Wish i could stay a bit longer.
RT : No update on situation of arrested filmmaker John Greyson. Release from TO festival says he was researching for film. http:/…
 哪有鹤。扯。
 街头的中文报纸都免费的吧。去了找。已经和一流浪汉说好了中央公园让我一块地盘了。
 谢啦！找房是个不动身体的体力活。前几天一直看51nyc.后来看累了。这几天都放弃了。准备下了飞机去大街上边走边找。
他们来找我，以为我是美帝指使而来的。起初我很恐惧，后来我发现它更恐惧。可怜的它，得了被害妄想症。
 嘿嘿。那得看谁哄了。
 六元四角。
“我们不该在大陆相见。”
 看到Go to somewhere to look for something 的时候开始哭，哭到结尾泪还不尽。
阴魂不散。
如此折腾。
晚点未定。
 YES to your question. NO to your question within the question.
 呵呵，刚从那搬出来。
 那几个都看了呢。还合适的一问都租了。
RT : 各位债主：麻烦请把个人的邮件地址，手机号，还款方式，发给信箱：lanyaxin1999@gmail.com 你们会收到一张像明信片一样的借据，做为凭证，也可做为纪念。我的男朋友负责搜集债主的信息，借款6万封顶，多了不要。谢谢。 http://t.…
出门拍两小时，出了两斤汗。
RT : RT : 1）牙刷刷阴道——马三家女子劳教所的酷刑之一——人类史和酷刑史上的伟大发明。由此，给了我灵感。我写了一本小小的中英文的书《牙刷》。今天放开版权，供亲们下载传阅。借此来答谢购买《小鬼头上的女人》的亲们@zengjin…
RT : 谁能帮忙找到这部电影的DVD？——蘇絲黃的世界 The World of Suzie Wong:  来自 @youtube
推上有谁在纽约、或认识的人在纽约、或认识的认识的人在纽约碰巧知道房屋出租信息的么。唐人街一带最好 （其他区距离地铁站近的都行），一个人，1br1bath studio, 9月1入住，长租。可签一年合同。（请帮RT一下吧。谢谢）
In China, you take what you can get.  via @slate
Let's move to Tampa  
DO NOT WATCH THIS FILM:  via @youtube
“the Communist dictatorship has become a kleptocratic monarchy in all but name.”From Maoist Criminal to Popular Hero? 
RT : #中国噩梦 RT : 我母亲平均每隔一天一次噩梦，已十年，几千次啊。金燕许多次梦到国保入室抓人，因为经历过。 现在有时还梦见被国保抓了。RT   对于经常被关黑监狱或家监狱的人……
'The Act of Killing' has a repellant film conceit 
Just curious, am I the only one who hates "The Act of Killing"?
RT : VIDEO: Karate en cuatro ruedas producido por  
 I was reading a book in which he was quoted. :)
纪录片的作用：记录、揭露、保存、表达、质问、分析、改变。
曝海南校长开房事件报道记者被逼辞职 
  oh my god.
The last day of filming was killed by four packs of dead batteries and a broken camera. So it goes.
每次我以为不会再发生什么事情的时候，结果都证明我是太乐观了。
 录像看到没？
RT : 半夜敲门是中国法院开庭的前置程序吧 RT :  大连中山区法院明天开庭，警察半夜敲门，查身份证。我们在楼道里和他们理论。 
I looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again. Couldn't tell which is which.
它活生生把一个个普通人逼成了无所畏惧的战士。
一个一个说再见。嗯。还会再见。
此国此时，凌晨三点的样子，好人替坏人失眠，一部分人比另一部分人先醒过来。
    6月17日凌晨 
 6 a.m. June 17th. Zhongshan, Guangdong 
RT : Chinese rights activists say they were detained while celebrating Hu Jia's birthday 
“当我们被欺压被凌辱地完全没有还手之力的时候，我们唯一可以做的就是把它记录下来。”
drown and drunk 
half remembered dream 
June and away 
 是聚能环。
Hello, Darkness. 
jet lag 
 :) someone will see. "The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend."
 thx. It's automatically tweeted by the wordpress. :)
Friday Night 
Family of Choice 
summer and sunflower 
may, first 
Wheelchair Karate 
off the road 
RT : There are 15.24 male directors for every 1 female director:  via @fandor
RT : VÍDEO EM PORTUGUÊS -- 'Caratê em cadeira de rodas' por  
hey, the world. 157 dead. 5700 injured.  some lives matter less than others, seriously?#hereandelsewhere
2a.m. , the train's packed. That's one of the top 10 reasons of ....u know what i'm talking about, #ilovenyc
two cities 
Requiem 
about her 
Street 
trapped 
trace 
the open door 
Supreme Court judgment a paradox of democracy   via 
I need an intern, so that i can cook myself some late night food while someone's still editing, or vice versa.  #starving! &gt;_&lt;
RT : one of my students  just introduced me to @storyhunter. an interesting network/platform for video journal ...
Great book and great review   via 
 stunning!
side effect of watching Oscar: wanna go shopping n buy new dress, now! sigh..
Good night, dreamers. At this moment, telling dreams from reality is no easy matter
now my only wish is tmrw is Saturday. Can i go to sleep now and wake up on Sat morning? #Day #Night
RT : My Valentine Rose. 
A day full of love. thanks to the lovely        &lt;3
RT : #valentinesday à la  (thanks to  ) 
1st gift of this V-day: breakfast  from a stranger!! After ordered breakfast, i found out i forgot wallet at home:::::#valentine's
this a fuckin dramatic but great day! #LOVE
3:58 a.m. Life is short but art is long. How come I don't feel tired at all! #editing #documentary
HER.TIME. MEMORY. La Jetée  [Chris Marker ]:  @youtube
spring comes. do you feel it? #2:38a.m.
Woke up singing and hearing myself sing the song!! Too bad that i can't remember what i'd dreamt about.
La Maison en Petits Cubes:  via @youtube
time flows in my veins~#sunday #theyellowwind
#Sunday #Crazy "sunday is my favorite day""The only way to beat my crazy was by doing something even crazier." ^O^
10 p.m. Birds are singing out of my window. THEY ARE. #NYC  #NEMO
RT : Teaching Visual Storytelling: The Five Shot Method and beyond:  
Internships at POV | About POV | POV | PBS 
I believe i'm drunk now, surprisingly i didn't drink much. Gud nite, the world.
2am, 2 excited 2 sleep.  There's no tmrw; tmrw is now. Eternity is NOW. ☽
All the greatest stories have already been told,  u just need to be quiet and listen.
#BlackSun the most beautiful film about blindness. ..
 True!
 we do have ONE!!! Lol 
    Let's do it! we'll have our own docdrama in the festival next year this time.
    i volunteer for cinematographer.Filming starts from next class.Time frame:now-graduation
 a nice sample indeed, thx for sharing.
    is there 1day that we don't talk about story? Well,  we should do a story on ourselves
Good mornings,  Ms. Hangover~ Anybody know any store can deliver 2 shots espresso to my bed? It needs to wake up.
  had 2 martinis over it. All I remember's commercials &amp; I wonder if they can spend mil$ on 30sec, why not give everybody a ball
Why do we bring flowers to funeral? what's the association of beauty with death, or grieving? #beauty #death
 women, (age 50 or above), to be more precise, as we observed.#Newsdoc
 we can tell that u r the all of her life.
"death" is the essence of photography. The moment the photo was taken, the subject died. 
 I would imagine it's sth like “wash ur dishes, clean the sink, flush the toilet, so on and on.." haha
Punctum  via 
watching a beautiful film is like falling in love-- the stomach curling into itself and me questioning: am i still breathing? #Restlesscity
RT : Howard Univ. has become incubator for cinematographers. Today at  via  @WashingtonP ...
Dylan's Streets (Trailer)



It's never easy. That's why the majority give up
Independent filmmakers r immune to a struggling economy since they r always struggling anyway........a sad and bitter truth
last night,i visualized my doc and fell asleep. i woke up this morning found my body rotated180degree on bed coz i dreamt of camera angle...
sleepless...How to tell the story. How to construct a bridge between the reality we see and the reality we desire. What elements can be used
 i'm reading "Produce Your Own Damn Movie!" and laughing to tears. How can you be so humorous!!
passion is a feeling~u never feel tired! 1:33am, the eyelids get heavy but u r still exited. u'll never know how magic it is until u feel it
It's frustrating that you know they are lying in front of the camera but can hardly get them to show their true selves.
As a documentary filmmaker, how to get people tell the truth? To me, this is the most difficult part.
#ItsCuteWhen i texted him in tears that i got the rejection. A second later, he replied, come over here, i won't reject you.
once u chose to write ur own script rather than act on the one written by the society, u have to prepare for a fight against the whole world
it's sick.
RT : RT : 联合国根本就没说真正“第”70亿人在哪，只是说那个人会在周一出生。所以好多国家搞了庆祝活动。国内那个菲律宾的报道是理解错了。
im back. Here in the dream world
RT : 没有敌人的时候，他们利用信息不对称制造假想敌，愚弄民众，从而使自己一直高压统治的合法性得以延续。必要时，还可以通过假想外来之敌，以忽悠那种烂就要烂在锅里头的大一统患者，从而为自己的恶行披上一层爱国主义外衣。
心灵富豪。。。。。。。。。。怎么评的？
RT : Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts.
RT : RT : 一直在演戏，从未见获奖。 RT : 一直在捐款，从不知去向；一直在围观，从未有力量；一直在调查，从未出真相；一直在多难，从未见兴邦。
这还不算晚。。醒也不算晚，睡也不算晚。只要你意识到了时间的存在，它就还不晚。
我等着天亮，可天始终不亮
最稀缺的是什么？永远保持警醒的状态
