各位初為人父母的朋友（或身邊朋友有小朋友的），你準備為子女購買醫療保險了嗎？有一個真心覺得好，超級全面的醫療保險計劃要向你力推！！！信我！聽左你一定覺得正！人格擔保！inbox或whatsapp我！
good morning friends! time flies and its thursday already! have a very great day ahead!

p.s. this is a very good... 
nicceee!!! 
i love my job! it is really meaningful! feeling like i can help a lot of people with my knowledge in financial... 
HAHAHA! actually i am gonna be a groomsman on 14th feb this year for my bro :) 
蛇年過去了，你有為自己回顧過去一年各方面的表現嗎？馬年來了，你有升職加薪嗎？有為自己未來定下新的目標和計劃嗎？... 
i wanna be that person too. in fact i wanna gather a group of us, and together we can all inspire and motivate... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
開年飯！祝各位兄弟姊妹生意興隆！ — at 鍋居火鍋專門店 
契仔gareth的豬腳薑，做完gym食蛋白是常識吧！ 
今次唔係show肌，係show我的新髮型。各位朋友有無都剪個新髮型來個新突破呢？今日唔記得帶梳，gel得唔夠貼 sosad #newhaircut #breakthrough #diy 

P.S.… 
祝各位朋友和您家人馬年進步！龍馬精神！開工大吉！身體健康！生活愉快！今年升職加薪揾多d！恭喜恭喜！ #happycny #cny #新年快樂 #恭喜發財 #yearofhorse @ AIA Tower… 
祝大家生意興隆，再創高峰！ 
早晨！祝各位朋友龍馬精神！開工大吉！新一年揾多d！恭喜恭喜！
呢個鐘數仲有人煎蘿蔔糕。。。好鬼香呀。。。
lolololol! sorry love i would never do this to you lol. 
許多人都討厭天秤座。事實上，天秤座確實很難搞，連他們自己都承認，但他們並不值得討厭，如果你能懂得天秤座的好，那就會愛上他們。天秤座糾結，但隱忍。執著，但踏實。完美主義，但認真負責。不要想著去改變天秤座，要接受和放縱。這是最好的朋友和工作夥伴。
i hate to hear those people say they dont like (or hate) 大隻佬. the reason being is that they simply havent a clue... 
many of you do not understand that losing weight should in fact be a long term goal and needed thorough planning.... 

有幾耐無試過咁多朋友一齊燒野食！非常慶幸認識您地！很開心很好玩的一天！ 
八點半關都要趕來操一操！ #fitness #workout #wecandoithk @ Fitness First 
八點半關都趕來操一操！ 
三晚飲左我成個月既啤酒quota。。。又要玩番好多cardio了。。。
ready for some bbq action! #workout #fitness #wecandoithk 

simple! 
leg day tomorrow morning!
GG！ 
賭神s 
搞掂！拜年去！ #fitness #workout #detox #wecandoithk 
ya it felt greeaaattt! #workout #detox #fitness #wecandoithk 
CNY detoxication! time to burn off some of those lor baak go i have eaten! — at Fitness First - Taikoo Place 
酒醒了，好想去做gym，但又好想訓多陣。-_-"
非常開心的大年初一！zzz！ 
自戀病發作 LOLOLOLOL！good night all！ 
x_x
love this man &lt;3 
黃兄弟！#brotherhood #brotherfor life #twins #iloveyoubro 
佢地係我身上賴屎。。。-_-" 
識煎蘿蔔糕一定落蛋煎！ 
馬年開運第一跑！爽晒！今年無得輸！等陣去拜年！行運一條龍！ — feeling great
訓到自然醒！WOOOOHOOOOO！！！Night all！
祝各位朋友馬年進步！身體健康！生活愉快！恭喜恭喜！
見多一位客人就正式收爐！加油！放工去跑個開年步先！ — feeling special
《東網》也問到發哥如何善用金錢？他表示節儉可以改變命運，建議大家養成儲蓄習慣。孝順的他提起母親的教誨：「我母親有句話說，要把工作賺的錢存10%左右，賺一萬元很容易，但存一萬元其實很難。」 
我喂你丫～ 
Investment Bank Defectors Fuel Startup Scene in Hong Kong 
[工作感受分享]... 
The Haircut ALL Men Should Get! 
what about me trying something are go for this hairstyle? 
workout before appointment :) WE CAN DO IT! #wecandoithk @ Fitness First 
when you know you are going to die in the near future, you review on your whole life and wish to pass on wisdom... 
早晨各位！估下我今朝食左咩做早餐？:)

i wanna have a meal with her! 
needs a training partner that can inspire and motivate and push me to the max... :(
god level. 
最後由我母親大人實現o左我想足一星期既願望。始終都係媽媽好！&lt;3 
好事成雙，馬年進步！ #wecandoithk  #donttrythisathome @ Fitness First 
no pain no gain. you never tried you never know! #wecandoithk @ Fitness First 
全部產品自家制。絕無任何人造色素及香料，保證百分之二百天然！ 
甚麼是財務策劃?

財務策劃是一個持續進行的過程，透過妥善管理客戶財務狀況，助客戶達致人生中各方面的目標。妥善的財務策劃讓您瞭解自己的財務狀況，訂下理財計劃以達到財務目標。... 
我皮膚好左？really？:P
good morning! tuesday now! jist a few more days till CNY! wanna eat 蘿蔔糕 and 角仔 really bad &gt;_&lt;" have a great day all!
現今醫學非常發達，很多病其實只要及早發現，及早治療，復原的機會十分高。可惜最先進的醫學科技往往所費不菲。你為自己及家人準備足夠的保障了嗎？ 
現今醫學非常發達，很多病其實只要及早發現，及早治療，復原的機會十分高。可惜最先進的醫學科技往往所費不菲。你為自己及家人準備足夠的保障了嗎？ 
現今醫學非常發達，很多病其實只要及早發現，及早治療，復原的機會十分高。可惜最先進的醫學科技往往所費不菲。你為自己及家人準備足夠的保障了嗎？ 
再一次多謝所有朋友和客戶的信賴，因為您地每一個的支持，公司為每一將保單另外捐款作善事。本人為我公司，為健康快車，為所有所到幫助的人多謝您地！ 
有無朋友對人民幣前景看好？現有一短期儲蓄計劃每年總回報高達3.01%。優惠先到先得，售完即止！有興趣inbox或whatsapp我。
good morning! great start of the week! 4 more days come on HAHAHA! have a great day guys ;)

respect an admire! so whats your excuse??? 


this is insane! pure strength! 

no pain no gain, but can be safer with the help of a spotter... -_-" 
respect dedication! and to be honest if she is on off season she would have looked perfect, so dont say she is... 
curvy is the new sexy. 
i need a spotter to avoid injury :( 

makes perfect sense this!!! 
Victor Fan flooring idea 
great and touching film. had me teared at the end. can imagine what its like to have a baby, it would definitely... 
同一件事係香港跟本唔可能發生。你叫市民自己俾錢買醫療保險？傻左呀？唔係又係政府你既責任咩？？？ 



好想食蘿蔔糕。。。
好似講緊自己。。。

您選: I.【給天秤座的1封信】

天秤座的人心地善良有古道熱腸和仁愛之心富同情心， 而看重感情處事力求公正與中庸不願偏激誠實溫和， 是個理想主義者生性浪漫有自我犧牲的傾向，... 


鄭南 
sorry sir no grinding here please. 
taking a million seemingly same pictures and ended up with slight subtle differences every time. love… 
need a spotter for my shpulder press... 
Share from Katie Kat:... 


陳家強指，取消對沖機制並非「全自由行的先決條件，因為積金局全自由行研究，是在維持對沖機制的假設下進行。 
讀完這個故事，我們的媒體是不是應該反思一下？放下功利，成就美麗。 

this sums up a huge part of what is in my mind... love freely and fiercely, coz we never know if we still have... 
「人有多大膽，地有多大產 估唔到鳩Up都可以集結成書 呢條友簡直係鳩Up之霸」 
this is frigging coooooooool! 
Cyrus Law this looks like something we can do! 
係，記者都係打份工，呢樣係你既工作，我非常之咁明既。不過做人有d良心丫，人地只係想做番個普通人，唔好搞人啦。呢個世界真係有因果o家。 
need a spotter for my shoulder press :( 
突然之間諗起兩三年前，$20食到早餐，$30食到午餐，$10車錢，一日$60搞掂。而家$30先食到早餐，$40-50先食到午餐，$20車錢，無$100都過唔到一日。點解d野好似突然貴左咁多？
good morning friends! quite chilly this morning so make sure you keep yourself nice and warm! wednesday already,... 
Jedi workout - may the force be with you 


其實幾有point。

男人，只希望找到一個明知自己廚藝欠奉仍願意為他身水身汗煮一餐飯等他回來的女人；而女人，其實亦只希望遇到一個願意與她飯後一同躺在梳化上靜靜地吃雪糕看電影的男人。

男女之間的尋尋覓覓，去到最後，其實亦僅此而已。 
之前無機會睇我Fitness First專訪的現在有機會了！
 — feeling blessed... 
[工作經驗分享] 買保險真係盡量唔好買A_A安_，唔係佢既product feature的問題，係佢underwriting有嚴重問題。溝通嚴重不足，回應太慢太唔主動。... 
Tiinngg Gi read this ga jei. this may be why they called? 
good morning friends! tuesday, let us all be grateful that we are alive and that life is beautiful! keep warm and... 
gals with tattoos are extremely sexy. oh she is my favourite tattoo gal levy tran by the way &lt;3 
ummmmmmm... watching myself on 小煮角 on the bus while on my way home feel kind of ackward lol. 
上星期五身體不適番唔到公司。今日番到公司時見到枱頭多左張野。對於轉了公司不久的我，這無疑是一個很大的鼓勵。... 
lunch time workout. cant wait for my office to move back around here! — at Fitness First - Taikoo Place 
question: if so many people know their health is the most important asset that they have why are most of us still... 
How Animals React To These 2 Little Boys Is Nothing Short Of Magical. I’m Speechless. 


morning friends! instead of monday blue, how about some monday glory? have a great day! :)

etwoooooooooooooooo!

my problem :( 


「多接觸，就不會笑」。梁同學，你係型既！Salute！ 
wow i like the red dotted tie! 
burn fat and gain muscle! #wecandoithk 
the sky is the limit. #wecandoithk 
my cardio companion. @ Fitness First 
my favourite transportation! yay! :) 
認真，真心唔識欣賞女生著黑絲穿波鞋！
HAHAHAHA! 
lmao. sly god. 
現在的小朋友真係幾偏激。一傾唔埋就唔聲唔聲去左搞掂自己。認真想探討一個問題，究竟是現在讀書的壓力真的比我們呢代什至是我們父母個代大了。還是現在呢代小朋友的EQ差了？ 
honestly,is it football at all that we are playing?
i do that... 
so cool. 

「我知將死」——安樂死女士最後的旅程記錄 - 溫馨勵志圖文 - 優仕網共產檔 

買左iPad既好處係就算電話無電，做gym踩單車時都可以上網。 — feeling determined at Fitness First - Taikoo Place 
step out of your comfort zone. #wecandoithk 
其實真係靚。 
兄弟公司PosTalk既新產品。一個字，精緻個隻。 
my voice is still very sexy and it has been a whole week already. i now sound a bit like batman i reckon. still... 
男人追求的，是一個懂得「十倍奉還」的女人。你給她一粒精子，她會給你一個孩子；你給她一間屋，她會給你一個家；你給她買餸，她會給你煮一頓飯；你給她一個微笑，她連個心都會交出來。謝安琪應該是這種女人。但有啲女人，你畀10蚊佢，佢會剩番... 
#wecandoithk 
this stuff is GREAT! lol 
missing my girl! — feeling loved
great time with my uk lions bros tonight!
給大家的一個問題：錢還是健康重要？
Question for all of us to think about: Which is more important? Money or health?... 
我老豆真係寶刀未老，屋企個router壞左，都俾佢整得番，佢部電腦可以上網。呢方面既知識都係佢教我既！不過咁，不如我聽日搞番掂晒屋企個network啦。正所謂長江後浪推前浪，我做得一定比你更好！哈哈！聽朝開完會就番來屋企搞掂佢！ 
OMG! I AM FAT! &gt;_&lt;" — at Fitness First (Harbour City) 
he is a true hero. salute. 
深層次問題。 
Guy Leung Cyrus Law Justin Cheung remember this bros? we need some of this very soon! 
現在不做，你老了肯定會後悔的１０件事！
千金難買早知道，趁著年輕，有許多事情還有力氣及勇氣去做
雖然我們總是推託，但別忘了時間是不等人的！
這些事情現在不做，老了就會後悔了！有些事情現在不做，一輩子都不會做了！

1.... 
morning and hello world! feeling better today although my voice is still very sexy lol. have a great day guys ;)
what happens with procrastinating. 
beautiful. @ Fitness First 
be proud. 
so true. 
我是論。感型。 
yay! compliment from fitness first! 3 months membership fee waived :P
Yu’E Bao. interesting. 
#wecandoithk 
so cool. 
hahahahaha 
so true! 
＂截至9月底，積金局數據顯示每名打工仔至今平均累積了18.3萬元強積金。＂係時間用自己少少時間聯絡我，幫你做整合啦。
感謝蘋果係咁多個月後的今天仲咁關注本人，亦多謝咁多位朋友的whatsapp問候。。。-_-" 平時又唔見你地咁關心我！你班死仔包！XD
早晨！唉搞咩今朝起身有d作嘔反胃既感覺。。。祝大家身體健康！
往往是一些意想不到的小禮物才是最溫暖，最窩心的。多謝妳。:) 
原來呢排巴士電視播緊NowTV既節目"小煮角"，大家又可以日日見住我啦！XD
早晨。祝各位朋友身體健康！因為病真係好辛苦。而家想訓番又訓唔到，又咳到PK。。。x_x have a good day all.
為左兄弟你可以去到幾盡？病到PK都同班粉腸劈過，而家好很辛苦呀。。。x_x" 
so tired... but feeling not as sick now! 
角度問題，大小腿唔係真係相中咁過分。 
at Fitness First - Taikoo Place 
琴晚婚宴時個鼻開水喉，原來係病既先兆。。。琴晚訓得極差，醒左好幾次，不過都無阻我今天玩腳既決心。加油！
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
上，下。 
Nottingham gang! 
Congratz to Cheungy and Gigi! Happy marriage! 
lmao. 

never judge anyone. you dont even have a clue what the f*ck he/she has been through. 

