高凌峰长辈,听见你在临走前的一首曲子.你让我听出了感动与你在与世长眠前的领悟. 谢谢你让我觉得感动了. 永别了,长辈. :'( 
Jazzy night with raindrops. #feeling #warm 
Waiting for 19.00 to comes.Starving... #hunger 
I'm not really feeling good with people who are looking down on me.Friends think that i am just a… 
OTW to lunch after a long morning. #badday 
After whole night of effort and hardwork.Worst God Freaking work is done :) 
Homework before piano session. #Mondae 
Way to new spec and tution.
為何我不捨得經過每條路,難道每一條經過的路會變成我回憶? 
Sweet Dreams :) #goodnight 
Whats more important than a night piano session. #emo 
Drama session. #romantic 
Movie for the day. #sundae-night 
Breakfast session done. #sundae 
Piano for the night. #emo 
當時第一次踏入比賽,發現了自己的不足,現在看回發現到原來我還真的走了蠻多步 :) 
Midnight Milk-ing.fireworks everywhere. 
It's valentines tomorow.Confess to who you really love :) &lt;3 #shy 
OTW to tution.下午的阳光让人觉得神秘又舍不得. #evening 
Goodnight.Gonna start my sweetdream :)
Singging session. #fun 
Dishes of the day.Probrally i should get a girl who can cook :) 
Tution now :( #chemistry #sejarah
If i get to choose,i will still choose the life that i'm having now instead of all the busy life i got… 
Braces :( 
 Don have normal practice one meh ?
 why stop edi?
Instead of all the wireless mic,I brought him to my performance everytime. Thanks for making my vocal… 
Weather look nice,gonna start my shooting .
Music Video capturing tomorow morning.It's gonna be very best.
Spend half hour doing my homework. #done
Gonna record a cover after my tution today.
Gonna cover the song "Let Her Go" tomorow.
 真相有时候是不重要的 :$
 diam haha.She must be hated me edi.
Night has fallen,my weird behavior starts again.
 Yap Hau Han
Midnight homework session. 
Hahahaha making u feel awkward is hust too funny haha &gt;&lt;
Last minute homework session.
I hate Accounts :(
Think before you laugh at people.Little malay kid.
当局者迷.很多人用不代表好.
RT : Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.
At tution now with a bored mood. #chemistry
RT : HTML5 - what fun!
有些人跟你笑 背後卻在插你一刀,別說社會，连学校都有这种人。
10 years before at today.Facebook was born by Mark Zuckerberg in Harvard. #thefacebook
RT : 10 years ago, Mark Zuckerberg launched . Facebook, then and now:  http://t.c…
Laugh die me when watching people rage XD
It's so fun pissing people off.
Should learn my Java code soon.
Dinner ? 
 Tomorow want movie ? Jun Sim and mal going.
Goodmorning :)
Being Anoyying is my hobby.I guess...
 Probraly Experienced programmer like Baizura.
Kinda boring living without any girls.I nid a gurl :(((
 so im just here to say Hi :)
 "Flappy Bird"...
 just study as a foundation man.I think its gonna be fun.
 No lar got 2++ :)
 2++ :)
 Jio u now.Wan take ICT ? :D
 one phone post like 5 status LOl
Knowledge still limited to dreams. 
Thats not about how far i went for everything i learn.Its about how much catogories i have learnt.
Don judge like u reali know me.
 我妈妈要那张照片 pavi 的
 看了昨天的就那么喜欢舞台了 哈哈
 我妈妈要照片.
昨晚看了一路有你.真的非常有意义的一步电影 :)
 Sometimes dreams are better than awake :)
Tired.Just finish 2 movies.
Movie-ing &lt;马到功成 &gt; with cousin.
Excited for tonight's movie. :)
Second round for CNY :) #CNY
 oo understand haha
 apa itu ik
I woke up.Finally .... 10.50
 this date so familiar OO
 yeah :)
  :(
  whats wrong with my smiling :) :) :) :)
  :)
 他在暗示你老了哈哈
I'm still so confuse with Twitter... :(
  lol guess i mistaken then.
  guitar pick :P
Night without anything. #bored
  ...the pick that u took
  ya almost every moment i miss ...
  which retard?
  its actually just for stalking purpose
  lucky i check my twitter before u did something bad
I want to earn A little bird told me playing miCoach Basketball. 
@elainekuan99 Sot jor ? XD
