 很不容易吧。。
RT : Here's the airport crowd awaiting me in Beijing: Yes, blue sign says estimated wait time for a taxi is 60 minutes: http://t.…
 为什么还是连不上。。奇怪了
What's the background song called? ( )
RT : 秦火火一事，早在7月23日，就有人放料给博讯等网站发布他的负面消息；8月初，四月网等网站出现数篇历数他造谣事迹的文章；同时，有所谓权威人士提供周永良管家内幕消息给博讯和明镜，里面夹带秦火火等人的负面消息；官方在8月20号发布刑拘他的消息，同一天官…
RT : Who is Tencent? - Polygon 
RT : Qihoo 360 Counters Baidu Mobile-App Deal With Sohu Search Talks - Bloomberg 
I linked facebook and Twitter on wechat! 
All Chinese should watch this. 
I just found 35 letters playing Lost in Letters without my eyes falling out!   #LostInLetters
Game over 
 What is that ?
I am playing a very challenging game #ColonialRule . Come and play with me at: 
RT : Baidu Antivirus 3.4.1.33144 - Neowin 
RT : China mulls food safety law amendment  
  Is that real?
RT : China's Shenzhou-10 spacecraft, with three astronauts on board, successfully entered its designated orbit    http://t.co/EXW…
RT : iOS 7 will play nice with both Tencent and Sina Weibo - Shanghaiist 
RT : China's first aircraft carrier leaves homeport for sea trials 

(Photo by Jiang Zhongping) http://t.co/D9…
RT : The moon has extra gravity because it's made like lemon meringue pie. No, really. | 
I just reached level 5 in Fling!
RT : Did you know that there was 118,633 points played at the 2013 World Table Tennis Championships #ITTFWorlds. http://t.co/yG5m…
“: Tencent tops Facebook for first time in BrandZ rankings - Campaign Asia-Pacific ”
RT : Tencent targets growth for its WeChat service as it opens an office in Malaysia - The Next Web 
Today I met Robert Wang who is the United States Minister to China. 
Today，I met Robert Wang,who is the minister to China. 
RT : Try snap in #Windows8 to use two apps at once. 
Is Iron Man the Only Interesting Marvel Superhero?  via 
The god will protect them.Ya'an,Si'chuan,China.
RT : Poor mans iPad... 
 What is that?
RT : Tencent denies WeChat payment rumors as users kvetch - Global Times 
RT : Tencent sees booming games growth - ZDNet 
RT : Wants for iOS 7? 
New record on #94seconds: 10 points! 1 letter, 1 theme, 1 word to find 94s ! via  
Achievement #94Seconds unlocked. Interested player: 10 games played!! Free app: 
New record on #94seconds: 6 points! 1 letter, 1 theme, 1 word to find 94s ! via  
Why Apple needed to apologize via  
Apple gets warm reception in China after apology via  
Achievement #94Seconds unlocked. Follower: Shared on Twitter! Free app: 
You should try the app #94Seconds: 1 letter, 1 theme, 1 word to find. Available for free on 

RT : 360 vs Tencent -  
RT : Twitter and Facebook available in China! Oh wait... 
RT : iOS 6.1.3 Jailbreak To be Released by P0sixninja: Redsn0w JailBreak According to Joshua Hill [] iOS... ht ...
“: Twitter and Facebook available in China! Oh wait... ”HaHa
“: Baidu hit list on April 1 - Global Times ”Baidu!
RT : Happy April Fools Day! 
RT : 300,000 users and still going strong. Thanks everyone!
The inner meaning of black.Earth hour. 
 Excuse me.China is a country but HK and Macau is the Special Administrative Region of China.And Taiwan is a province of China.
RT :  Seoul,South Korea, Namsan tower's before and after. 
Today,earth hour!
Friend Passed  
The Element! 
White snow ,thick snow.Unbelieveble! 
RT : Apple was the big CCTV 315 "fraud" about minor issues with its after-sales service policies, but netizens were hoping for  ...
Check out my high score of 582,260 in Temple Run:  Oz! 
You can let your smile change people, but don't let people change your smile
I liked a  video  What most schools don't teach
Tencent Chinese New Year Advertisement: Your Companion of 12 Years:  via @youtube
I liked a  video  Tencent Chinese New Year Advertisement: Your Companion of 12 Years
Can You Read It？ 
I just got up to 40,213 in #DoodleJump for iPad!!! Beat that!  
#starwalk Great Starwalk
Dinosaurs 
The moon. 
 Login twitter in QQBroswer 
当一帮人从刷Q群到刷微信时。。。。呵呵了。When everybody comes to use Wechat...Oh my god! 
I'm trying  - a fast &amp; convenient way to tweet, receive mentions, and use Twitter over email. Try it yourself - free!
 哎，终于在墙外找到伴了
