眼神已经出卖了
 bo jio us go out -_-
  get used ady gua...I dun1 to live at hostel
  smtms 2/3/4
 yea...lrt ktm
 yea... But I go back my house by public transport everyday
Smtms workout can't even kill bad feelings
 On lar... But have to see DAto and I free or not xD bcuz we have to go school at weekdays
 btw... when's your holiday? or maybe we should hang out at sunday
 REally nice if all best friends are staying in the same neighbourhood.
是...我不会讨好你,我不会收买人心.我不会耍心机.
Sorry that I am wrong..
 maybe we'll become neighbour/more else ... XD
 work hard drive hard play hard ;) haha... Let's buy together in 10yrs
At least a R8 SPORT
因为太烦人了
 因为有了天意就没有人意
 天意难违啊
8days left... Chase arr!!!
It's better to be hurt by a truth than comforted with a lie.
 no wonder getting richer and richer
 bro~why put the tables on the chairs?
 yealo... You are right,I am left.
 你有恋叔癖 :P
 start since tuesday lar .. u still holiday meh
Sleepy -_________-
How to do revision -__-""'
SIENZ... Feel so lost
Why so many guys crush on that girl? She is special because nothing special?LOLOLOL
 you too old ady lar xDD Lose liao lo
 my acc and business also suxs lar...
 haha... The kids?
Buey song lar...
I need ebook :(
We have been long time didn't talk about the legendary "Macbook air" and "Alienware"
 I really don't mind ;D
 haha... Will you like a woman who looked like paper? Flat and smooth xD
 But 13/15 feb consider awkward too mcm postponed or make it earlier.Date 1 after school tht day lakk xDD
That's awkward if you accidentally date a girl on 14 Feb and both of you never notice abt it's 14Feb.
 haha...你的爱情要贴胶布吗?
 可以盖住的 xD
 就有些definition很"卡",100%明白不过写不出
 懂了不记得 xD
  normal lakk...abuden bcome the next legendary FA leh..
 背后插我 xD
  wow~You gt work ...
总觉得有人一直在背后帮我.朋友,谢啦.
 of course not me lar... :P
有点可惜
Piggie xD
 ur best score is hw much?
About 30secs faster xD Great!!!
Sibeh wet after running.
"I am lack of patience" That's the biggest joke of the year.
Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via 
 my friend
Never feel contented with the time that I could be with you.
 你就不可以装笨一点 来迁就我? :(
我等99,你不用等.
  bcuz u said:"If she has a smart phone,I will pikat her" ^^
我就是缺乏动力
 haha...practice more then will be easier
 I gt 38 xD
 you don't want to talk to me only lols~So busy hor..
I couldn't get along with you.
 why you push her ass lols!!!
我只是在看你表演怎么拒绝那些男生,绝对不是对你有意思/兴趣.
  真的很多有架子的 lols xD...
大美女通常都很好相处,只有那些自认不凡的"美女"才有架子.
 bro~I am not machine lols... Sure take me around 52/53mins for 10km
Did 4km in 20mins.But my target is 10km within 50mins :((
Run like mad.Haha,I won't lose :P
Bay... I can't lose
RT : 一点激情都没有
手感,Timing,节奏,主动意识&amp;心  跑完.
 how's your dad nw? Better ady?
 nvm lar... I thk that I could see you tmr xDD
I will do that at past, but now you better don't expect that I will do it.
 morning after wake up and before sleep do workout lo..apa susah xD
 okay~I know why ady -_- 所以叻 :3
 Not nice lar &gt;&lt; why so nice?
 所以我不是故意忽冷忽热 :P
17Feb Business test
21Feb Economics test... Stupid dates
 只是有时太热.当回到正常时(没那么热),你就会觉得我冷了
 din come back?!
你可不可以不要每天发脾气
 我哪里有?很明显我没有啦
 HAVEN'T LAR... Baru enrolled,hw to holiday 1st?
HOLIDAY!!!
 so many leng lui leng zai
 thank you lol xD your class seems like very syiok
 drive me:P
 不止有你这样罢了 xD
Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via 
Even faster than aeroplane, how should I chase?
Seriously,i have a distaste at you.
那是成熟版的可爱
Work out makes everything right
"Will you still like me if I cut a short hair?"
RT : 这个是真的 
Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via 
You're my idol!!!
别说葡萄酸... 给我两个月的时间.我保证进展总比你花两年时间的进展好.
 waste of time but it's nice to do revision.
 i am nt girl/lady/woman/miss lar
"If you like a girl,just build her a building lar." LololoL
 I still prefer call miss or madam lar...
 my break are same.1hrs. Nice what,gt much time to know the leng luis
2hrs and 45mins left
 call leng lui lar or miss
 aiyor... Some days i dun even have break
Haha... I should tell them I don't know how to play badminton,basketball and volleyball.So that I can date them to go swimming :3
The girls from girl school are really passionate.
 Anyway, be careful or cautious :P
 aiyor... Curi curi drive today?
 find 1 day,we go clubing lar... Wear less less xD
 wow... Fetch me xD you get your license ady.
 是咯是咯...朋友的喜欢罢了
如果我要很努力 才能忘记你
 Haha... Good Nights
 Going to sleep soon. What makes you so tired?
 wan an ~ qu shui jiao
Why I don't feel happy or excited?
fk lo... I can't finish the work
 but that day you went training and didn't come my house lols :(( Ok lar,I will try to come and see you
 haha.... Better wear mask and wear lesser
 I think around 4-5months ady leh. I miss you too :D
 haha...Yea,I'm not sure that I am going your house or not,because I just come back from Cameron at chu3. Don't be so emo lar :P
 不会欣赏那些每天 fashion show 的女生啊? xDD
 yealo xD I go klcc "lepak" then go back house after school.
I planned to study at library at afternoon but I went KLCC :P
Yup... I changed a lot
RT : 技术好有用?!
也不是输了。。。
哈哈哈
Happiest day in college
 you sweet until dying only what xD
Bored until dying
Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers via 
RT : Don't act like a childish kid pls
气质很重要
 no need bird lar
  when you free,then we aren't free. When we free, then you aren't free. XD
Back to short hair
Headache in the morning
 jiu shi class mei you worrr...
 senior xD take care of me lar.Introduce some leng lui laiii...
 Tell you when we meet lar ;) later no topic to talk.haha
 same with you lar... Jie jie xD
 same with you. We will meet one day ;D
 haha... Studying nw ady.no more holiday
 started laz thursday lar
School again...
You take it too serious while I was joking -_-
 go whr jog?
I have decided. Nobody could change my decision.
So funny. It's just like kids fighting for a toy.
RT : the amount of time I got for these bitches 
 so long time no see ehh :((
每天看真的会 sienz... 美都变普普通通
Disappointed lols~
Obviously, you are still afraid of me. Chicken, don't hide anymore lar.
 good luck bro, easy nia xDD
 haha... 怀疑啊?!
上了 college,你才会明白 SB 的男生有多帅.
求之不得
Funniest things ever "你们3个人有女生跟你们告白的次数一定不够我多"   
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Things will be easy when you have different point of view.
 there's alternative way.By photostating... 3 books total less than RM95
 each lar bro... Econ,business,account.
 my textbook around RM9x-RM10X .hw abt urs?
 why? Pretty thick? I will got mine next week
 I hvnt come back lols
Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers via 
Playful is part of mine. I can't remove it from me and what I could do is just hiding it.
  haha... you swim 2.5km lols. 100 laps and see. and increase.dun slack
  I got go swimming recently lols
 If I am a girl,I want to become D cup. how? @@
 I want it damn long ago lols xD
  HOPE X ada a lot of 8 porrrrrr!!!! xDD
  so excited.go kao lui meh?!
 bro~ you need school leaving cert to apply college or not?
 神马?
S.B BOLEH!!!
Oh~ I am losing now. That's such a disadvantage for me.
I can't sleep
I want to go THAILAND lar
 还没加 一个“女”字在“朋友”的前面的朋友 :3
RT : 让我一次爱个够，给你我所有
Yeap~ I kinda dislike muscular
Become buffer even swim once a week.What if I am going thrice a week.
Pattern zui zui
女人  总是担心这个犹豫那个
 你不在plkn 的另一半不懂会不会叻...
RT : #Leos don't have an attitude, they have a personality you can't handle
She is my best advisor xD
都怪当初不够果断
长得坏坏的总比长坏的好...
Their maintenance are quite high :( So far, I still can't afford.
姐控
又乱撒娇... -_-
