Today's Chinese: 周五 (zhōu wǔ) 星期五 (xīng qī wǔ) 礼拜五 (lǐ bài wǔ) --  three ways to say "Friday"
RT : (if you're applying for 's internship, read this. it's a good primer on the stuff we dig. )
RT : We're now accepting applications for our summer internship! Tell your people. Apply. (Please and thank you.) http://t.co/Ewv13…
Danger Will Robinson 
 patting the horse'a butt will get you everywhere
 well that's flattering
 I think you can say 黑幽默 but not sure where it fits with xiaodian
More literally, "Today [if you] don't stand up [for something], tomorrow [you will be] unable to stand up [for anything]"
Today's Chinese 今天不站出来，明天站不出来 (jīn tiān bú zhàn chū lái, míng tiān zhàn bù chū lái) "If you don't stand up today, tomorrow will be too late"
RT : My letter to Governor Rick Scott of Florida, about #StandYourGround: 
RT : These West Virginians haven't had clean water since SEPTEMBER, and no one is taking responsibility 
My overall feeling about leaving the house today without either of my down jackets 
 Google tells me that people are more likely to scold a locust while pointing at a mulberry than they are to call a deer a horse
指桑骂槐 (zhǐ sāng mà huái) to point at mulbery tree while cursing a locust tree, to make indirect accusations
RT :  not a horse, but reminds me of: 指桑骂槐
^Made weak by time and fate, but strong in will (and horse-related Chinese idioms)
Bonus Chinese: 指鹿为马 (zhǐ lù wéi mǎ) "call a deer a horse" to deliberately mislead someone #horsetweets #马年快乐
  估计他是半开玩笑
 嗯嗯我会努力的
 I can't read it yet! I'm spoiler-phobic and still on S1.
 no, thank you -- look forward to reading what you write in the coming months and years.
Trending on Weibo -- : "If the govt doesn't restrict taxi apps soon, everyone will realize the benefits of a two-party system"
Consider this a preemptive retweet of anything  writes. DC is better for having her, and following her will improve your feed.
RT : When leaning in isn’t enough: What I’ve learned at work as a woman of color  via 
RT :  I think in this context 笑点 means the threshold for someone to feel something is funny.
RT :  缺点 is the weak point
RT :  笑点低- ready to laugh
I finally understand. Books are pillows. 
RT :  and 重点 is the important point ;)
RT :  笑点，punchline
 我放""里面的一般都是直译，之后有解释，我平时找不到相应词汇所以只能这样，但朋友有更好的翻译的话，我尽量转发。
 I'm flattered!
The 笑点 (xiào diǎn) is the thing about something that's funny, like the 亮点 (liàng diǎn) "light point" is the highlight
Today's Chinese: 笑点低 (xiào diǎn dī) literally "laugh point low," adj. for someone who likes crude/obvious jokes, also adj. for a joke itself
RT : Very interesting hashtag convo #NotYourMultiFuture on multiracial identity, hosted by  &amp; 
 danke schoen!!
 aiyah yes,ich lerne! Not that my German is much better than autocorrect.
 inch kernel Deutsch! Für Urlaub!
On the plus side, German for "beer" is "Bier," pronounced "beer" #BesserLebenMitCognates
Sadly my "German Phrases for Dummies" does not include much beer related vocab??
 #chinesedream also applicable
  it's really pretty 
"I'll have a  (bottled) beer" is 来一瓶啤酒 (lái yī píng pí jǐu) "Give me all the beer you have" is 啤酒有多少来多少 (pí jǐu yǒu duō shǎo lái duō shǎo)
My review of 's seasonal saison Sneak Attack: buy and drink this excellent beer. 
RT : Did you see this job posting? We're #hiring a Research Assistant in our #China Studies division. Apply today! http://t.co/MFYo…
 see also Lt. Kara Thrace, callsign "Starbuck"
Mmm, human arm 
Today's Chinese: 乐高 (lè gāo) "Lego(s)" a combo of a character for "happy" and the one for "tall"
Li Senhao, the guy from the Fudan poisoning case, got the death penalty RT : 复旦投毒案在上海二中院一审宣判，被告人林森浩因故意杀人罪被判处死刑。
I mean, I know what restive means but just judging by its roots it should mean the exact opposite. Is there a word for that kind of word?
I looked up the etymology of "restive" - originally meant "resting" but came to describe balking, edgy state, like that of a "resting" horse
Came across my favorite Xinhua lede ever while doing some research  Just when I think I know you, 
 你的意思是“酸”的意思有时候跟肉麻或刻薄差不多吗？
On this Presidents' Day, #FF to the world president with the most Twitter game, 
Today's Chinese: 酸 (suān) "sour" but can also describe the feeling of achey muscles or your nose right before you cry.
The K here should not be confused with that in K粉 (k fěn), slang for ketamine.
RT :   Yes, 唱K also works.
RT : I thought people in #China usually just say "唱K" (to sing at #karaoke)?  
RT :  “唱K” is totally legit as well.
RT :  it should be K歌，not 唱K歌。K is acting as a verb, meaning singing in a Karaoke, so 唱 is not needed here.
Tonight's Chinese: 唱歌 (chàng gē) to sing; 唱K歌 (chàng K gē) to sing karaoke
 the Peter Pan reference really clinched it for me
I'm not sure if I've ever loved anyone as much as I did  after reading her response to Susan Patton  &lt;3
RT : Extra straight talk for people who have a womb  via @Petridishes
RT : Woah, there are so many awesome job openings  right now: 
 thanks you too!!
Books are so comfortable when other people want to read them. Much softer than fleece blankets, for example 
RT :  This sentence was written in Yuan Dynasty. Mongolian ruled China at that time.
 0_0
My valentine's day card for you, my Twitter friends: 
 宁愿。。。而不。。。is a grammatical construction, means "rather --- than ---"
 英语好像没有这样的一个idiom.好战文化吧。我会查一查
Today's Chinese: 宁为太平犬，莫作乱离人 （nìng wéi tàipíng quǎn, mò zuò luànlí rén) better to be a dog in times of peace than a human in times of chaos.
RT : Single netizens in #China buy out movie tickets to ruin Valentine's Day dates 
   congrats to all involved!
RT : Proud to announce we've signed up  as @chinarealtime's Internet/censorship columnist. His 1st, on Bing:  http://t.co…
RT : Attention people in China:  already has House of Cards Season 2. Yay! Small recompense for the aggrava…
 China Daily is so stingy with detail. Was it gay erotica? Straight? Fanfic or original universe? Inquiring minds and all.
 right? Sadly my demand for it is inelastic, so I have no real leverage to demand a cheaper price. But I can at least Twitter-vent.
*Free Business Idea* -- Import Hitachino Nest White Ale to the US and charge regular prices for it.
RT : Calling all DC China wonks &amp; watchers: Join our @FametheDoc screening 2/20.  RSVP:   (cc:  …
 the chances of survival are 725 to 1...
 I'd like to thank IKEA...
There's no bad weather, only bad clothes...with some key exceptions. 
RT : Great story about  in New Yorker and the evolving aesthetics of twitter 
The VOA has an article on the word "binge-watch"  suggests translations 连续看剧 and 狂看
Or for those of us who will be celebrating with Netflix: 
纸牌屋 (zhǐpái wū) "House of Cards"
It's already Valentine's Day in China. In case you need to wish someone well: 
情人节快乐 (Qíngrénjié kuàilè) "Happy Valentine's Day"
 thanks nix! 这个主意很好。我以后做Today's Chinese会尽量发两条推，一个定义，一个造句的。
 谢谢！
Now mostly used to describe weather that's too cold RT :  冰天雪地现在一般指屋外太冷吧
Today's Chinese: 冰天雪地 (bīng tiān xuě dì) literally "ice heaven snow earth" snow and ice everywhere, can mean "winter wonderland."
RT : in contrast to JPMorgan's brown-nosing RT : Princeling ban at Alibaba 
RT : Here's Metro's announcement, including (a) what buses will still operate and (b) what rail service to expect http://t.co/7E…
RT : Beijing's air is "barely suitable" for life, according to a new Chinese report 
RT : Credit to  for paying their interns $700/week. They're hiring 
RT : Former PLA soldier spends big to commemorate KMT WWII contributions that are airbrushed from official CCP history. http://t…
My parents went to Africa and all I got was this dadjoke about elephant butts 
RT :  And "amok" is from the Malay. We live today in a country where pundits run amok.
TIL the word "pundit" is a loanword from Hindi, where it means learned expert  this whole article's worth a read.
RT : Female athlete says #Tinder use at the #Sochi Olympic Village is "next level" 
 planning on it! Stay warm and safe up there as well.
Face to the sun 
 bu yong xie!
 as a North Carolinian with family in GA, I consider y'all a part of my cultural heritage (it's also shorter than alternatives)
Don't wanna get too far up in any of y'all's business, but I'd recommend wearing long johns today (in Chinese, 秋裤 qīu kù,"autumn pants")
 awww Miss Mao is so cute. I agree, easier than rumored to be. Hardest part is getting your cat into the carrier.
Today's Chinese: 露馅儿 (lòu xiàn'r) "reveal [dumpling] filling" to let something slip, let the cat out of the bag, give up a secret.
RT : A dozen or so house church members in Beijing criminally detained for alleged “illegal assembly”  #徐永海
RT : Beijingers, check out International Women's Day line-up at Bookworm festival. I'm speaking 6pm, March 8th: http://t.co/GAPmh0…
If you plan to leave Beijing with a pet in the future, consider attending this info session at ICVS  this sat., 11-12!
  I say a post or a tweet, which I know is technically incorrect but think works well anyway.
 looks delicious
RT :   Today's word is semla (from lat. simila). A bit early, but I don't care! 
 yes please!
  I do sometimes feel I'm missing out with just Chinese and English.
Today I learned "fantastiskt" #BetterLivingThroughCognates
A wonderful thing made possible by Twitter: learning a bit of Swedish every day by following  (translator of Mo Yan, among others)
Whereas Angry Birds was 愤怒的小鸟 (fènnù de xiǎoniǎo) "angry little bird(s)"
In case you were wondering, People's Daily translates Flappy Bird as “疯狂的小鸟” (fēngkuáng de xiǎoniǎo) "crazy little bird"
Reading up on China + Flappy Bird, saw it described as a 找虐游戏 (zhǎo nǜe yóuxì) "seeking-abuse game" or exercise in masochism
RT : #TeamCanada has a beer fridge that can only be opened with a Canadian passport:  #Olympics http://t.co…
Today's Chinese: 吃一堑，长一智 (chī yī qiàn, zhǎng yī zhì) "fall once into the moat, gain 1 wisdom" setbacks and mistakes are learning experiences
 awesome, I look forward to it. Let me know when it's up!
 aw, thanks, I'm very flattered! And likewise with your tweets, do you write articles/longer stuff elsewhere?
Speaking of, I think in the article  just linked to, , ' “Three Don’ts and Three Dos” is brilliant
Early #FF for , I always enjoy her links and commentary.
 ?  I'm looking forward to Feb. 18 as well. Enjoyed the NR review &amp; the convo with Yiyun Li.
RT : Awesome: 's PhD dissertation, on how chinese youth are creating a new social sphere online based on trust: htt…
RT : Zhang Qianfan of Peking U. Faculty of Law to speak at GWU Law School on Feb. 12th: 
Flappy bird is trending on Weibo. Good to know we all have something in common, in this case, repeatedly crashing into green pipes.
RT : Irony: Looks like story about  brass restricting @MarineTimes will be among most well read in 2014 for paper.  http://…
RT : Fellowships for Writers and Poets - No Entry Fees! (Updated for 2014) - 
(I checked, and there's enough horse-related Chinese idioms to last us til the year of the sheep).
Today's Chinese: 心猿意马
 (xīn yuán yì mǎ) "heart [of an] ape, mind [of a] horse" restless, flighty, unable to concentrate thoughts or efforts.
RT : Devastating essay from the mom of AOL's million-dollar baby 
 I can't even tell where he starts and begins!
Cat Heisman 
Tonight's Chinese: 鸡尾酒 (jī wěi jǐu) cocktail (literally chicken tail alcohol)
RT : "Feminine usernames incurred an average of 100 sexually explicit / threatening messages a day": Women &amp; the Internet http://…
Via , "wake me up when september ends" is 一觉睡到国庆节 (yī jiào shuì dào guó qìng jié) "Sleeping until National Day" (Oct. 1 in China)
 剝 0_0
And here is an awesome China Daily article on better English through Downton Abbey 
Today's Chinese: 睡到自然醒 (shuì dào zì rán xǐng) to sleep until you wake up naturally.
RT : The cats showed up every Tuesday on his doorstep. It took him 2 months to realize they were a warning. By then, it was too l…
RT : I am retweeting #fp tweets. For those unfamiar, go to  and learn about the fun going on every Friday. http://…
RT : TT 
TENG Biao to give lecture in New York: "Protecting Rights and Maintaining Stability"
Room 5414, 365 Fifth…
RT : 滕彪紐約演講：維權與維穩 
地点：Room 5414, 365 Fifth Ave, NY。
时间：2月8日下午2點

Today's Chinese: 给自己挂个招牌 (gěi zì jǐ guà ge zhāo pái) "set up a storefront sign for yourself." To label yourself as a certain kind of person.
  
 whole foods!
I'm not really a wine person, but I must admit I'm tempted 
 np~
 the cat is faking sadness. The fox is actually sad, but not because it likes the hare - because it know that it's next.
via , the fox is sad because with the hare gone, the fox is the next prey in the food chain.
 thanks!
49 days til Tan Zuoren is released RT : 【谭作人出狱100天倒计时】今天是2014年2月6日，离谭作人出狱还有49天。
 thanks！
RT : it means everyone is linked so if the prey dies the predator should feel sad for the loss too :) 
 那么兔死狐悲是什么意思？
 for full affect, sing it.
 起来，不愿做奴隶的人们 (qǐ lái, bú yuàn zuò núlì de rénmen) wake, let us not be slaves!  It is the beginning of PRC national anthem.
But apparently 兔死狐悲 (tù sǐ hú bēi) "hare dies, fox grieves" means "people have sympathy for those like themselves"?
Today's Chinese: 猫哭老鼠 (māo kū lǎo shǔ) "the cat cries for the mouse" insincere expression of grief/condolences, crocodile tears.
 thanks! I am using lists too, on tweetdeck, but I like to have a big main timeline with lots of peoples' tweets
Don't worry, I will never replace you~ 
Ended with this excerpt from Xu Zhiyong's closing statement 
Great talk on the New Citizens' Movement by  with excellent interpretation by  and  
RT : @TengBiao to speak at GWU Law School tonight, 6 pm, 2000 H St. NW, Burns 505 (note room change). Live streaming at http:…
My friend's in town from China (her first time in the US) and I'm showing her DC. Any suggestions? We've done memorials, museums, Tyson's...
 呵呵
 没什么强的，只是推友里很多好人，乐于帮助还有纠正我
“:  现在说…."呵呵"” when someone responds with 呵呵 (hēhē), the equivalent of lol, it's probably fūyan.
You can fūyan a person by just saying "uh huh, uh huh, oh that's too bad" on the phone. Or you can fūyan a task/words.
Today's Chinese: 敷衍 (fū yan) to go through the motions, do things in a perfunctory manner, say whatever is expected of you halfheartedly
RT :   译反了吧，女大三，抱金砖是说妻子是金砖for a man, having a wife three years older is like possessing a gol…
Couch potato 
RT : Woody Allen's biggest defender is trying to dismiss Dylan Farrow by sliming her mother:  awesome @winte…
 女大三，抱金砖 (nǚ dà sān, bào jīn zhuān) for a woman, having a man three years her junior is like possessing a gold brick.
The more you know! 
RT : If you only watch one documentary on #AfricansinChina in February, make it this one:  #SinoAfrica
Today's Chinese 一颗老鼠屎坏了一锅汤 (yī kē lǎo shǔ shǐ huài le yī guō tāng) "one bit of mouse shit spoils a pot of soup" a bad apple spoils the bunch
 我不是说中国人猪狗不如，"today's Chinese" 就是”今日中文”，每天教一个词汇。
 you are too nice to me, Mike - thanks again for the kind words!
RT : CCTV News, where careers are made. Smoggy, maybe, but a job, of a sort. "No beginners, please." #工作 
 followed almost immediately by biting, because of course

 what is up with this water? Is this a normal thing? The milkiness fades after a min or so. 
 poor yutu. "Goodbye, humanity!"
 I love it 
. answers Q on future of weibo/wechat: "most critical voices will probably be quiet in 2014" #ChinaYearbook2013
Barmé: w/ Hu we worried abt a lost decade. Now it's completely different worry. There's an adult in charge but what kind? #ChinaYearbook2013
Barmé: banqueting restrictions rolled out by Xi happened in the 1300s, didn't work then. #ChinaYearbook2013
Rigby: Abe was wrong. But neither China nor Japan wants war. #ChinaYearbook2013
Rigby: Chinese remember too much history, Japan doesn't remember enough...all the characteristics of a bad marriage #ChinaYearbook2013
Epoch times reporter just asked Rigby about logic of Xi's foreign policy #ChinaYearbook2013
Rigby: We always said we welcomed the rise of a wealthy powerful China, until it actually started happening in new ways #ChinaYearbook2013
Barmé: "China is creating a country of "consumer comrades" #ChinaYearbook2013
.: crackdown targets providers of alternative explanations of China - like earlier campaign vs. blogs #ChinaYearbook2013
