胜太多也有不好的时候 XD 一次输而已就给人抓住把柄了
hitz fm 嫌听众太多，天天拿MU开玩笑 ==
lol, no way...
  你代言拔毛wax啦，整个黑森林酱
RT : March is going to be awesome!! 
Today stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers via 
  i thought ur bo lui is bo girl XD
三颗星星排成一条线，到了世界哪个地方都好，一定会看到它们，就像在天上的守护天使
 maybe the story ended dunno the child is sasuke's or naruto's leh? like this more korean drama
 this is Naruto ok? mayb before he dies thy hav sex leh XD anything cn happen
 lalala
  hahaha, fuck Madara la, he appears 100 episode more to show
 thn the anime officially habis XD later sakura pregnant second Naruto come out, another 600 episode
RT : Man United fans 
  one piece even worse == forever won't finish
 I want them die eh XD
 haha, 不客气哦
 lol, thn I will hate the author forever
Dim gai... TT 
 maybe the story just end up like this XD all died madara's plan suceeded
接受不到 naruto 和 sasuke 要被madara杀死了，dim gai... ==
 we gt same blood ok? XD
 like me mar, no choice lo

still keep this photo with me, epic face #nephew 
shouldn' have bought the bag, 看到更美的 @@
RT : RvP, Rooney and Mata all in the squad.

Good luck Cardiff... 
RT : Well done to @JuanMata8 on winning our Man of the Match poll on his debut, with 68 per cent of the votes. #mufcmata http://t.co…
RT : First game!! First three points!! Thank you all!!!  Primer partido!! Primeros tres puntos!! Gracias a todos!! #mufc http://t…
first match and he's the man of thr match! #Mata8
Next bid might be Bayern's Toni Kroos for ￡25m
yes! 我可以完全控制你了 哈哈哈
当你看到这个tweet的时候，你也会傻笑
有点迟，不过还是要祝你生日快乐，身体健康，学业进步，笑容一年比一年灿烂 哈哈哈，还有将来的大学生活加油哦 God bless you ^^ 
 try ba XD no MU brain 爆炸
 insomia, just cnt fall asleep... XD but i feel like dying now
Every MU fans are waiting for his appearance! #Mata8
was planning to watch MU vs Cardiff, but they called in and told me i'll going to drive for 4 hours tomorrow morning, no more match tonight.
feels like goin back to swim alone tmr
"You memang sudah improve banyak" that's what he said hahaha
整晚没睡，觉得等下一定会打瞌睡
lol, seems like it's going to rain lol
thumbs down for you, instructor, boo...
another 30 minutes of waiting
sleepless night
RT :  去睡觉
broke my nails just to make this XD 
 dun emo, smile XD
jayden it's okay，我相信总有一天你会知道车是长什么样子的
 she's like that de, get used to it ba, nt understand ask mr ng or senior la, dun emo...
 ok lol
 u serious? lol
 u tmr wat time learn?
 ooooo....
 who is karma?
“: 黄靖毅你dak cek一点” 哈哈 别灰心，你可以的 加油 哈哈哈
 OOOOOHHHHHH JAYDEN so cute of you, I won't blame you for not knowing how car looks like, you hvn start the first class, it's ok
一场战争，改变了多少人
just finish watching my way
 why hate her so much? @@
 nvm nex time i drive u to work ya XD
Done, stable a lot. LOL
 tmr 4th XD u sendiri wan after cny
everytime at least have to wait for 30 minutes
why can't you be punctual a bit ==
waiting for my instructor, always turn up late
看到一双鞋 要定了
RT : Manchester United sign Juan Mata. Chelsea signing Salah. And then there's Liverpool signing Dunkin' Donuts http://t.co/…
Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed 4 people via 
sometimes all you have to do is go back to the primary question
really damn bek cek
为社会感到悲哀
bored
 think nt goin
 goodluck lol @@
 unfortunately he's moving backward
 ok...
 ok la, hav to get used to it
RT : Welcome to Manchester United, @JuanMata10. RETWEET to show your support. #mufcmata 
 pillow...
ice room ^^ 
 take care of ur body a....
Don't be second Liverpool, must be qualified for CL damn
Rooney, RvP, yanuzaj and Mata, haters, be scared, really scared
Mata finally arrived
ignore u =P
kheng wei xiang, you can dm dun fb ma? == i nt usin comp vry ma fan de you know
心疼我的咖啡粉，还要是巴厘岛买回来的，超贵
 jia you o
wasted my creamer and coffee powder, somemore is coffee lawak damn
直接喷咖啡 XD
that day i accidentally put salt into my coffee, i thought is sugar, that taste is really awful XD
你喝starbucks la
   咖啡对身体好
 ok, call u after service
 nothin. Tmr whr to meet you?
RT : Mata was greeted by #mufc boss David Moyes after he touched down by helicopter. #mufcmata 
RT : Juan Mata has arrived at the Aon Training Complex to begin his medical. #mufcmata 
2 hours to go, 180 words left
为什么你可以那么猪的，现在才起床 ==
dad lower down the voice, i can't concentrate isshhh
everything comes back to the same question, why should i nominate you
hate to be like that lol, i need some 灵感
i'm stucked with this report lol
  jia you o XD
 sure XD
  GG 忘记了，还以为你去plkn == paiseh
  有闹鬼吗? XD
Gotta pass up a report later and i ain't started yet
I mean he XD
I seriously don't think he deserve Selena, even when she went to find prostitutes she didn't say a word. LOL
 haha, artist mar, like that only won't be forgotten, at least better than JB lo
 Bruno also take cocaine de, last year March got arrested before if I'm not mistaken
Reading fantasy at night is like putting you into a real fantasy world #FeelingCool
 haha shock me @@ Jennifer Lopez also same la, chg le 3 husband and still changing
 yalo, now his song nt nice le. His gf is Selena Gomez mar @@ gt gossip say so la, dunno true or nt, she should dumb Bieber &gt;&lt;
Went back too late, she slept, sorry @@
 ya, but he paid 2000 and he's free XD famous ady mar, bo bian lo, he do this kind of stuff to make news la, like tat more famous
 arrested lo, drive with expired license and drunken, and resisted with the police when he got arrested.
The old Bieber is gone, just accept it.
Just fine him for 2000? Seriously? LOL
RT : Manchester United fans waiting for the Mata deal to be concluded... 
Don't get too serious on something, in the end you might be the stupid one.
 oh ya
 i'm totally not intetested on replyin you, can i just ignore? =)
so i won't feel L driver annoying anymore, i know your feeling bro -.-
that instructor doesn't allow me to go faster, then i'm like a big halangan in the middle of the road @@
can't really focus, damn sleepy &gt;&lt;
done lol, better than previous lesson a lot, can control clutch much better now
tunggu, tunggu, tunggu sampai bila ni
maybe he went for minum o.O
不是第一次，不过还是很期待 XD
why isn't he here yet? it's making me more nervous
 yalo, damn cold ==
i can feel my heart beat clearly
kinda nervous
Damn the weather is killing me
Having my lunch alone, driving lesson later
RT : the daily struggle 
The anime is even worse, show all those old stories, this anime forever won't end. ==
 lol, that song nt nice
Just like I expected, once Madara resurrected, the whole anime has more than 50 episodes to show
Sasuke and Naruto going to die == seriously?
Latest manga of Naruto, lol, epic...
  lol, checked. Brave song is the ending song for Angel beats
 ichiban no takaramono
 gt one is brave song?
 wait that one nt brave song meh?
 u go listen ichiban that one vry nice!
 I got that song XD Yui version better lo, I like her voice
 this song is the song before iwasawa disappear?
 dunno, I like the ichiban no takaramono and brave song only XD
 their song not all sang by Lisa de meh?
 Angel Beat? O.o
Poor Mohammad Salah, he will replace Mata on bench, he should go for Liverpool.
RT : Juan Mata has flown to Manchester in a private helicopter and will be at United's training ground shortly. (Mail)
 LOOOOOL  jay哪里找的朋友？哈哈哈哈
 useless teacher ==
 == now only jay hvn start XD pity him
 lol, suan lar, tmr is my second lesson, damn nervous == later I go do stupid things agn XD
 she din say anything meh? ==
 3 point turn easy la, he gt test me emergency break eh, my sis say second lesson he will bring u to big road le
 pn Aizan thr oso?
 I drive myself bac a ==
 kong bu leh XD gt sei fo otr ma?
 I ask u to put inside my letter box ma LOL
 Walao, ki siao a == like that how to duty oh! whr she find them de
 yea yea, he gt say this too, thn he demonstrate for me XD
 她给你们多少人？
 he say gt one time a Indian fly until 90 km/h because nervous, ki siao
 just ignore her, everything use back how it goes,if she ask, tell her refer to pn wan, or ask pn wan to tell her
可怜我的ajk了 XD
今年的photography看来有难了
 他有讲印度人的坏话吗？XD
 wa... so geng eh ==
 now back
  haha maybe, 25 frm my grandpa another, malay mayb 12.5 my greatgrandma, 72.5％ chinese XD
 lol, k lor @@
 suan la, no need dye, my hair natural brown colour le XP
 lalala XD
seriously, should i dye? @@
 啦啦啦，我还是得到8个小时的睡眠哦 XP
 活该 XD
 oo, u guys in that server? i hav to renew my antivirus first, now cnt open at all
 lol, white? Or the light effect, can't see the colour clearly lol
 nt sure wat happen, cnt open &gt;&lt;
Back on Maple after 7 years LOL
最好再签Dante，整个盘踞都会灵活起来
RT : Juan Mata is expected to be introduced to his new teammates in the next 48 hours. (Independent)
0345 有一场球赛，不看了 我现在只对mata有兴趣，赶快签合约吧
24小时里面都会有很大动静
Midnight 容易见鬼...
Doubtlessly it's a new threat to other clubs, maybe not this season, but the coming season.
I'm pretty sure Chelsea's fans are mad now, too bad bro haha
RT : My Twitter timeline right now: 

Mata
Mata
Mata 
Some idiot crying about his life. 
Mata
Mata
Mata
Hope he could make a difference to the current Man Utd
Mata officially signed
RT : To Equality! 
Defence is weak also, Ferdinand and Vidic too old.
