 外籍的要进西藏的话比较麻烦，要办很多证件，租车，雇专门的导游，有时候也不许进，不过四川重庆青海还好，如果不是带记者签证的话，据说。我也觉得成都好玩，呵。
RT : "Loser keeps Bieber" 
RT : but many 3/4th tier real estate markets already declining rapidly, may be too late for them
RT : CCTV host Chai Jing labeled a “traitor” for giving birth in the US  via certainly a brazen hypocrite
Sales of commercial property dropped by as much as 72 percent in 43 of 90 cities across China last month...
RT :  Deborah worships Zeuz 
RT : If you're 28.9 or younger, every month of your life has been warmer than the 20th C average, planet-wide: http://t.co/Ce1F…
RT : Lots of tweets from Chinese tweeps commemorating 3rd anniversary of Jasmine Crackdown in China. Many were detained &amp; badly to…
 I, too, enjoyed your comments--trouble is it's hard to RT Tweeted fragments.
RT : RT  China’s steel carry trade starting to unravel, could mean billions in defaults.  http:/…
RT :  I would argue both these measures are (a) inaccurate, (b) irrelevant
 哈，你猜吧
我发现“正义感”是一个人人都很忌讳的词汇。
RT : If you haven't watched this breathtaking livestream of Kiev burning - you've never seen (or heard)  anything like it: http…
RT : Answer to "Is getting rich worth it?" 
 （孤独的被浸满红油等待被夹起送入口中的白菜）你这个绰号实在太精彩了。
Guess it's time for me to start watching "House of Cards". 
RT : What's it like inside a N. Korean prison camp? See the bleak pencil drawings from a former inmate. Warning: graphic.
http://…
 Excited to read it but curious--when (if ever) will it be out in eBook?
RT : Egg truck accident in Shandong. Report notes admiringly there was no looting:  
RT : 175．中国大陆，176．索马里，177．叙利亚，178．土库曼斯坦，179．朝鲜，180．厄立特里亚。 
RT : Incredible shot! RT  Water cannon hits #Turkey reporter covering protests   http://t.co…
RT : Watch Website of International Consortium of Investigative Journalists Disappear From Baidu 
 RT Even corporate copywriters don't know the difference between your and you're.
RT : On writing &amp; procrastinating: 'Work finally begins when the fear of doing nothing exceeds the fear of doing it badly' http…
RT : RT  Property bubble in Hainan (China's Hawaii) - some villas are no longer empty as pigs become tenants. http://…
RT : Chinese Biz News: Suzhou making devs hold onto properties cuz market is massively oversold, many property devs absconding d…
RT :  At some point you will have the pleasure of seeing me flip to "buy" on China when it becomes oversold. Not yet.
Awesome: What Hong Kong looked like 40 years ago. 
RT : I just read a really sad statistic, something like 3% of all sushi gets eaten without being Instagrammed first.
RT : 存款锐减9400亿 M1“马失前蹄”  deposits dropped 940B in January "
  sex trade crackdown. Shameful cuz cops profit fm sex trade then arrest prostitutes; rich clients &amp; gangsters go free
RT : 应不应该感谢央视？感谢所有报道东莞涉黄的媒体？面对这么狂轰滥炸的宣传，作为老百姓的我，似乎强烈的恍然大悟；卖淫的罪比贪腐更大，比强拆还严重，比计生更恶劣，比食品安全更关键，  http://t.co/Eg…
RT : % identifying China or US as world's leading economy  Euro-confusion 
RT : Surprise, surprise ... Bitcoin has lost 3/4ths of its market value  
 sorry jormin, i just saw your note. I'll be blogging again soon!
Awesome: Societe Generale seriously investigates what would happen in the event of a Chinese hard landing: 
This is obviously insane: China to build world's longest underwater tunnel, Dalian to Yantai, on earthquake fault: 
RT : Which Chinese provinces are buried under the most debt? A helpful WSJ interactive:  http://t.co/ebZ18R9s…
China has been ranked 6th worst in the world (out of 180 countries) in terms of press freedom. 
 I read it yesterday and found it interesting, but also not super well reported and full of editorializing against Amazon.
Gold Motel, "Safe in L.A.", still my favorite song. 
RT : In 40days TanZuoren will b free. 5yr in jail 4 investigating student deaths in 08 quake “: 谭作人出狱倒计时第40天 http://t…
It's a sickening feeling to learn that your friend was interrogated and threatened by the PSB for merely exercising his right to free speech
RT : Six Chinese trust firms lent &gt; RMB 5bn ($824.6mn) to delinquent coal company, raising prospect of major new defaults http:/…
RT : 1 theory re recent beijing ferrari crash.lots of fancy cars being sold off cheap/taken as collateral 4 bad debts. might've been …
Every time a rich asshole in Beijing kills himself by speeding down a city street in a Ferrari....an angel gets its wings.
RT : Just bought  's new book "contest of the century" on us china relations. Looks terrific 
RT : RFA：刘霞心脏病发，须尽快住院治疗

China home sales are plummeting, but prices are still rising. Sound familiar, anyone? *Cough* AMERICA! *Cough* 2007! 
RT : Microsoft $MSFT denies global censorship, then sends shortened statement to China-based media w no ref to allegations http…
RT : "Censorship reflects a society's lack of confidence in itself..." 
RT : China's newest text-message scam: "Dad, I've been arrested while playing in Dongguan" (爸，我在东莞玩被抓了，速汇款５０００元到ｘ警官工行卡ｘｘｘ) http://…
Ignore the haters; China's yuan has been overvalued, not undervalued, for at least a year: 
RT : 北京地铁惊现下跪喊冤人，杀父之凶是协警 湖南省新化县上梅镇新渡村八组人，名叫杨晴华。杨晴华之所以不到信访部门提交材料伸冤而选择在公交车厢，是因为其担心到信访窗口后会再次遭到内外勾结的暴力截访 http://t…
RT : Ex-deputy PBOC head Wu Xiaoling said defaults in bank WMPs &amp; trusts won’t cause systematic risk (Then why don't they ever l…
China Digital Times: "Don't go overboard praising China's schools" 
"The experts don’t mention the mindless, rote, competitive streak in Asian education systems that would horrify us if it were used here."
RT : China News: Luxury goods consumption over Chinese New Year down -57.8% y/y to lowest level in past 10 years. Watches -95.9%…
RT : There are five stand-alone diners left in New York City, according to Scouting New York 
RT : 共14位。没有被关押过的只有3位，没有被软禁过的只有1位。目前在监狱里的3位，受过酷刑的10位。RT : 滕彪：2003年是律师推动公民维权运动的元年。2005 年亚洲周刊推选的13名维权律师，迄今大多数被逮捕，酷刑。
RT : President Obama is allowing, encouraging and/or directing his top natl scty official to run around branding US journalists …
RT : Guizhou man clings to fleeing debtor's car for 30 kms down highway:  
RT : Ok, it takes years to master a language. What about recognizing flags? #sochiproblems #SochiFail #olympics http://t.co/3ZjW0e…
RT : Yet another source to be imprisoned by the Obama admin - see the 2nd paragraph for Obama's new records  http://t.co/cKemThP…
RT : New data on massive amounts of heat continuing to go into the oceans. #climate . http://t.co/WuZQN2A…
This is big, big business in China, and you can make a lot of money if you are completely unscrupulous. 
I know sb who made big money in 2 yrs "selling" medicine in hospitals in China--w/legitimate salary the same as mine--about $1000 per month.
RT : I wonder how many people would look good - or be assessed fairly - if judged based on their anonymous internet comments fro…
RT : #China's unwanted babies once mostly girls, now mostly sick, disabled 
RT : "Chu is adamant that a Chinese banking collapse of some description is a certainty" 
RT : New study finds that the less Congress gets done, the richer the super rich get.  #incomeinequality
RT : Saying global warming isn't real because it's cold out is like saying the sun isn't real because it's dark out: http://t.co/…
RT : New game in China lets you taser corrupt government officials  by 
RT : China's Finance Ministry issues RMB 10bn 5-year bonds at 4.47% yield, highest since 1998.
This proves it: Gordon G. Chang is now just effing with you. 
Now ~ $1.65 m USD for a "villa" (free-standing house) in Xiamen. Bubble could burse this yr, due to int rate reforms: 
RT : Beautiful day in St. John's #nlwx 
RT : CCTV: Congrats! China's homegrown PC maker Lenovo has finally beaten American HP to be the world's No.1 PC maker (16.7% gl…
RT : Picking sides: Which countries favor the US vs. China?  
RT : Syrian civil war RT  What a difference three years makes: The same street in Homs in 2011 and in 2014. http://t.c…
RT : Where people live on planet Earth  
RT : 惊闻庆丰包子铺升级为新上访胜地。。。。包子直接升级为包公。本来么，包黑子老了就叫包公。大家一起唱:庆丰有個包青天。。。。[奥特曼]  
RT : Subtle but powerful: protesting with a mirror.  
RT : Breaking news: Reuters China and WSJ China unblocked. Both were blocked simultaneously on Nov.14 after JPMorgan's story…
RT : NYTimes: Chinese ship that rescued foreign expedition in Antarctica struggling to free itself from ice. http://t.co/afBy7b…
Michael Pettis knows what's going on. 
RT : RT ": Please spread this message so everyone can enjoy! Thank you! #EarthPics "
RT : Last day to submit nominations &lt;cough&gt;Snowden&lt;cough&gt; for the 2014 Milton Friedman Prize for Advancing Liberty http://t.co/0E…
RT : De Blasio has a legit point - NYC is the inequality capital of America. The top 1% earn 45% of all income, the bottom 5…
"We have to assume that it's always going to be bad debt," he added. "At 3.3% a month, how can they be good people?"

RT : Just 29% of Americans saw China unfavorably in 2006; 55% do now.  
RT : Story of the harsh lives of Chinese restaurant workers in the US: "The Death of a Family, and an American Dream" NYT h…
RT : Mass suicide attempt on Tiananmen Square: six petitioners drink pesticide 
Legal paid maternity leave by country: 
RT : 我的选票呢？被衡阳人代贿选事件吓呆，当一个省级人大代表需要行贿近200万，一个市人大代表投一票可得到20万元。衡阳事件告诉你没钱当不上人大代表，事实上中国人大是世界上最富有  http://t.co/EX…
RT : Game subscribers in China hit 490 million in 2013, with sales topping 83.17 billion yuan (13.6 billion USdollars). http://t.co/…
This is a good reminder for all of us not to act like idiots when we are in foreign countries: 
RT : Law professor (and pre-2009 MSNBC regular) Jonathan Turley in the LA Times argues for a pardon for Snowden  http://t.co/B65…
RT : 3 Tibetans heavily sentenced for opposing mining in sacred mountains [Chinese] ":  http://t.…
Woah: "Credit [is] being swallowed up by numerous speculators and Ponzi scheme operators like a mythical creature". 
U.S. local govt debt is around 18 percent of US GDP; China local govt debt is at least half of China GDP, potentially far more.
China local debt has reached "alarming level", over $3 trillion. 
RT : 释放晓波！支持宪章！RT   釋放 #刘晓波 ！停止软禁刘霞！ #liuxiaobo 
RT : A website that tracks insider trading  via 
RT : With caution, China's doctors are beginning to speak of a link between lung cancer &amp; air pollution  by…
RT : China Box Office: Feng Xiaogang's 'Personal Tailor' Takes Record Opening  by 
RT : Smugglers' tunnel discovered between #Shenzhen and #HongKong. 
RT : And some heartwarming Yuletide news from the North: Kim tells troops to be prepared for war  http://t.…
RT @buliuxingying: 成都投控集团董事长吴忠耘被查 实控制资产近4000亿  
RT : Xi'an college bans students from Xmas celebrations for safety, provides patriotic videos &amp; Mao commemorations instead http:…
It's a bit depressing, but this is how thought control works: 2013's top 10 examples of "free speech" in China 
RT : 张雪忠：今天是平安夜，但我的当事人赵常青、李化平、郭飞雄，以及我以前的当事人刘萍，却因为当局彻头彻尾的政治迫害而身陷牢狱，无法与家人在一起。他们都是年迈父母的子女，或是年幼子女  http://t.co/…
RT : As an extra gift to the UK, the Christmas address of Edward Snowden was filmed, edited &amp; produced by Laura Poitras http://t…
RT : 奥巴马打开监听器，里面英国首相卡梅伦正和朋友们谈论自己在曼德拉葬礼上和丹麦首相合影引起米歇尔不快的事。他脸一红，赶紧换了个频道。听到俄总统普京签署释放霍多尔科夫斯基命令的事，他赞了一句。不料那边普京一声冷笑：奥黑，你又监听我！他吓得… http:/…
RT : "Report: Israel Passes U.S. Military Technology to China"   disgraceful if true
Wow. Chinese are most materialistic in the world. 71 percent agreed "I measure my success by the things I own"

RT : 在党国的暴力机器人的眼中，人是没有任何价值的东西。RT  再强大的心理承受力，看到这，都不会不心痛。RT 这图片里警察对藏人施暴用的是什么器具？  Via
RT : That's only for torturers and Wall Street RT  Susan Rice: "We don’t think that Snowden deserves amnesty." http://t…
RT : Haha they made a handheld device that contains all human knowledge and now we make fun of each other for looking at it too much
RT : Japan's Yomiuri taps its spy agency sources for a wild rumor... "Kim Jong Un drunk when he ordered purges" http://t.co/q2…
(A lovely excerpt from the Economist's impenetrable and useless explanation of how Bitcoins work, here: )
"At first, when the network was small and transactions few and far between, verifying them was been straightforward."
RT : 毛还会有市场吗？地主和资本家会挺毛吗？想想土地革命和社会主义改造。知识分子会支持毛吗？想想反右，平民百姓会挺毛吗？想想大跃进大饥荒。基层干部会挺毛吗？想想四清运动。高级干部会挺毛吗  http://t.c…
RT : 北京大学光华管理学院前院长被禁言: （自由亚洲报导）北京大学光华管理学院前院长、著名经济学家张维迎最近在荣获“网易年度最具影响力经济学家”颁奖典礼上发表反对“思想垄断”的言论后，他的微博、博客被删号禁言，他的演讲稿也在网上被删除。 http://t…
RT : Nearly 6,000,000 Americans are barred from voting for committing a felony, including 2,200,000 African Americans http://t…
“Winter is approaching. You can still take your coat off and pretend it’s warm, but actually it is beginning to bite.”
Just started reading paywalled recent FT stories about worsening China debt crisis. It's worse than I thought. 
Censors directing media not to "hype" cash crunch. Rare for central gov't to repress financial news. (This is bad.) 
Shanghai Composite Index fell 2% Friday, its ninth consecutive day of losses &amp; longest losing streak in 19 years 
RT : RT  How the ‘Soul of Tibet’ Was Turned Into a Pigsty  …  #China #EU v…
RT : 冬至亮家底？呵呵~RT  刘晓原律师 【去年今天】朱承志，湖南省邵阳市人，因关注当地李姓老人“自杀”案，拍摄“自杀”图片和视频传上互联网，六月十八日拘留，七月二十五日以涉嫌煽颠罪遭逮捕。 http://t.co/WfWDSR…
RT : To stop mistaken race-motivated attacks, TIME Magazine publishes helpful article "How to Tell Japs from the Chinese": htt…
 This map was made by the author of 
It seems every time I leave China, there's a banking crisis. So far the banks appear to be lying about this one. 
RT : 【第八届淄博国际陶瓷博览会[嘻嘻] 阴毛漫天飞】操，一丝不挂呀，，，，，[嘻嘻]  
RT : 钱荒再次导致国内银行违约，央行慌不择路注入2000亿救市 
RT : Deputy Minister Li Dongsheng is one of the top officials in charge of the secretive "610 Office", mainly for crackdown on …
RT : Chinese Actress Gao Yuanyuan's Bruised Thighs 
RT : Snow has fallen on the pyramids for the first time in 112 years. 
RT : //@不平则鸣V://@何兵:/@章择: 我国真实的通货膨胀率到底是多少？2008年以前，北京50元能够买到的食品，2013年要150元才能买到。涨了整整3倍，可百姓收入并未同步长3倍。2008年全球经济危机后，央行超发几万亿人民币… http:/…
RT : 转发微博 
RT : Without large, ecologically intact, old-growth forest ecosystems, Earth becomes uninhabitable.  http…
Holy shit. 12 people committed group suicide in Beijing to protest forced demolition of their homes in Hubei. 
Sigh. Apparently that laowai hit lady on his motorbike and cussed her. Police say there's video, but didn't release 
RT : Heard the good news yet? 1.2 million Americans got covered between October and November. 
Man who did sign language interpretation for Mandela's memorial service was "making childish hand gestures" for hours 
RT @CensoredWeibo: 深圳机场配楼着火了  
Oh, the things people will be sticking in their butts: New low-cost 3D printer unveiled. 
RT : Happy Birthday to 宋泽。
Handcuffed and shackled,he spends his 28th birthday on #HumanRightsDay in prison. 
http://t.co/hqxxW…
RT : 我在新浪微博发的纪念人权日的微博竟然很快被删除了。人权和自由，不但是中国人易碎的美梦，如今还成了这个国家的言说禁忌。
Friends in China! Cheap and actually effective air filters!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! A million !!!!!!s!!!!! 
Some guy from Massachusetts walks around Shanghai pretending to be Roger Federer, and everybody believes him. 
Had to retweet: This is a ship-shipping ship, shipping shipping ships. 
RT : This is a ship-shipping ship, shipping shipping ships. 
RT : Official estimates Chinese government cars used for official purposes a third of the time. Rest is private use. http://t.c…
Interesting chart on China's trading partners: 
David Simon, creator of The Wire, on the failures of American style capitalism: 
RT : 纽约时报和彭博社面临被逐出中国大陆: （大纪元记者秦雨霏编译报导）外媒的消息称，24名为《纽约时报》和《彭博社》工作的外国记者面临在未来几周离开中国。在周永康阵营向海外放出温家宝和习近平的黑材料后，《纽约时报》此前曾经发... http://t.c…
RT : In rapidly aging Japan, adult diaper sales are about to surpass baby diaper sales 
RT : Give me your huddled masses yearning to consume: Tianjin boasts statue of Hello Kitty posing as the State of Liberty. http…
RT : WashPost reportedly killed Falun Gong story while seeking Higgins visa, which never came. Concessions don't work.  http://t.co/…
RT : 哈哈...巨幽默!RT 转：上海雾霾的状态：遛狗不见狗，狗绳提在手，见绳不见手，狗叫我才走。
RT : ICYMI: Photos: Models at Nanjing fashion show forced to wear masks due to crazy smog levels: 
RT @CensoredWeibo:  1，这是2011年5月11日刘萍竞选代表时的警方拍摄录像，被指控为扰乱公共秩序罪；2，录像中刘竞选时并没有公共秩序混乱，标语是人民代表人民选，公民精神万岁，警察（T恤男子）来之后，违法扣押 ht…
RT : +37° 72' 33.5647, +43° 32' 52.5397 
Of course Bloomberg spiking political stories so as not to offend the Communist Party is wrong, but we should be more disgusted with the CPC
RT : 卖萌示威 RT  乌克兰男子为防暴警察弹钢琴RT : “: Cultural revolution in Ukraine: Man playing piano to riot police! http:/…
A lot of teachers were beaten to death in the Cultural Revolution. This apology for a little bit of that is amazing: 
This article, an austere, searching weave of fragments from fiction about death and loss, is really good. 
RT : Taiwan has the world's greatest number of 7-11s per capita (screenshot from the official app):  http://t.…
RT : Beijing dongzhimen subway station at 8 am today, pic from weibo. Wonder how many feet actually touching the ground http://t.co/s…
RT : 现在中国的农民很像当年南非的黑人，只是缺了曼德拉。: &gt;根据南非政府颁布的种族隔离法律，南非全国被划分成不同区域，划出黑人禁止居住的区域，禁止黑人居住在城市，禁止不同种族的人混用公共服务设施等，并规定警察随时可以检查黑人的通行证，没…
12 y.o. girl in Chonqing beats up a baby and throws it out of elevator. (Chinese) 
RT : In Beijing car parking spaces sell out in one day for 600,000 rmb ($98,500) each: 
RT : 除非中国政府做出改变，中国将不给《纽约时报》和彭博所有驻华记者发放签证。一共24名记者，最早一位将从12月17日起离开，到12月31全部签证到期，必须离开。via 
Just realized the loop from "The Wrong Come Up" by L.V. comes from Bill Withers' "Who Is He?" Proof that everything good is part stolen.
RT : PISA this: "In China today, where you are born determines your educational prospects and ... life opportunities." http://t…
"Hashtag (something)" jokes have replaced those lame "(something) dot com" jokes.
Banks end loans to 1st time home buyers, afraid they may "return their houses to the banks" if housing prices drop

RT : Living in beijing feels like being in a bad relationship. Some days great, some terrible. But I refuse to cheat w easy, dirty sh…
There are definitely way more than 68 million vacant homes in China; but you would never know it reading the news 
Also awesome: "My sweet and sour dating experience: An expat career woman on Beijing flings" 
I found Perry Link's latest book to be nonsense, but this comment on self-censorship in research on China is awesome: 
Wow. Living in Beijing would really suck. 
RT : The opinionated teenager Yang Hui who got detained and beaten for retweeting posts critical of local cops now faces expulsion …
RT : “Very few people have guts, the kind of guts on which a real democracy has to depend"-Doris Lessing ht  http://t…
RT : . LOL the consensus is, on average, 50% too high at the start of each year: 
RT : America. Where one woman in Florida having to pick a new plan is a bigger deal than 5 million poor people being denied Medicaid.
RT : Pls contribute to building a permanent June 4th museum in Hong Kong. “: 为在香港修建永久《六四纪念馆》尽一份力（请转发，请解囊）http://t.co/77hJH…
RT : What's happened to , if true, is so much worse than anything that's happened to foreign reporters in China in …
RT : "Bloomberg Cans Reporter Who Talked About Editors Killing China Story"-gawker  
RT : Great podcast with  reflecting in detail about his year of learning Chinese from scratch to doing stand-up http://…
RT : What #Twitter (twttr) and other iconic websites looked like when they first launched 
RT : The impact of globalization across income groups. Awesome chart from   
RT : "... next time a debt collector calls you, offer to settle for five cents on the dollar" @deathandtaxes http://t.co/il8HfPl…
Dozens executed in North Korea for watching South Korean TV? Reallllyyy... 
RT : The myth of mobility : 43% of Americans raised at the bottom economic ladder stay there; only 4% move to the top. http://t…
