RT : 睡不着的晚上，习惯性地闭上眼睛，安静地想念一个人。能够有这样一个人可以想念，或许就够了。
I don wan go school 
I don wan go tuition
Where also I don wan go
I just wan to lie on my bed and sleep for whole day &gt;&lt;
RT : 情绪可以控制，但眼泪不会撒谎。
RT : 时间是种极好的东西 原谅了不可原谅的 过去了曾经过不去的 也许我偶尔想回到之前的时光 但我知道 人始终要学会向前看
 who?
 thank you ! XD
 wlc :)) hav a nice day :D
 happy birthday :P
 lolololololol xDDDD should I help it say thank you ?xDDDD
不是你开的所有条件  我都一定要接受哒 :'(
RT : 无论你说话多么谨慎，总有人歪曲你的意思。所以，学会不在乎。
RT : 每一段记忆 都有一个密码 只要时间 地点 人物组合正确 无论封尘多久 那人那景都将在遗忘中被重拾起来
生活没我想像得那么糟 也没我想象得那么好 我发现我有时很坚强咬紧牙关过了难关 我也有时会发神经脆弱得哭
RT : 有时候你习惯了我的某个样子，当我变成另外一个样子的时候，你会觉得我变了，不再是之前的我了。其实，那只是你不够了解我罢了。
Actually… I got normal moments also xD 
I got 99 problems and money could solve all of them
": 当你失去时你才发现，原来那才是你想要的人似乎总在错过。"
我承认我过得一点也不好 很多时候我真的都熬不下去 快要崩溃了 我不知道哪儿有这么多压力 我改变的失去的都太多了 好多事情我真的接受不了 但我也无力抗拒 只能哭完了再爬起来老老实实继续走下去 因为我除了坚强别无选择
Brother,you should bring me go genting with you-3-
So that I won feel so boring at house today._.
RT : 到最后，你总会明白，谁是虚心假意，谁是真心实意，谁为了你不顾一切。
RT : 别再留恋于已经发生的事，在你生命中为那些即将到来的美好留一些空间。
RT : I want to get my hair like this 
U finally let me sleep lollll
Like a ki siao hahahahahahahahahhahaha
Lalalalalalalalalalalala xDDD
Ohhhhh my sexy voice ._.
RT : Silence is a girl's loudest cry..
Brother,why you want bring my phone to college tmr -.-
I need to log out all my acc --
And the point is my phone damn more privacy larr weih
 thanks xD
I hate you always using me !!!
RT : 有时候，我把痛苦做为玩笑说出来，是为了不让你看出我有多脆弱
RT : 我们常为了一个眼前的人义无反顾，却很难为了一个未定的未来和梦想而万死不辞。好比你听了励志的讲座，立马回家背单词过几天却放弃了，又好比你看了旅行日记，心血来潮地查阅资料却又踌躇最后不去。当你在犹豫的时候这个世界很大，可如果你走出第一步这个世…
RT : 忘不掉的是回忆，继续的是生活，错过的，就当是路过。
Straight away go tuition -.- 
Just reached home lollll
Hahahahahahhahahahah xDDDD
Dentist din scold me xD
Just said jgn makan banyak kacang xDDD
Pls pls pls don scold me perhaps -3-
I get ready to let dentist scold later :3
Somebody very ngam cham xD
RT : 你有没有在某个时间，某个街道，听着某个音乐，回忆某件事，想起某个人。
What a nice day with da gang :D #throwback 
RT : 做真实的自己 不要为了取悦别人试图成为某个人。
有一种女孩，她独立，也好强，她宁愿忍受太多的寂寞和痛苦也不愿意向别人提起。她也会偶尔的忧郁，朋友问她怎么了,她也只会说没事，其实她只是感觉累了，她只是需要一个拥抱。遇到真正懂她爱她宠她的人，她就一定会很安静，心甘情愿的安静下来,不烦,不闹，安心地做一切能和他一起做的事情
RT : 很多时候你以为他对你好 其实他对很多人都好 你以为他对你会最好 其实他对很多人都比你好 你以为你很重要 其实很多人比你重要的多
胡思乱想的后果就是把自己逼到绝望。
RT : 挫折经历的太少，所以才把一些琐碎的事情看得很重要。
": 很多时候，再冷再痛也能扛住咬着牙忍住不让自己哭。
 反倒是突如其来的温暖，一下子就能把人逼出泪来。"
RT : 想走的人留不住，想留的人不会走。
 谢谢一直陪伴在身边的人，谢谢你们一直都在。
Heng ! I don wan go school tmr !!!! XDDDDDDDDDD
孔明灯 :))  
Just finish bath ._. Walao tired daooooo
Whole day spent with da gang x)
Whole family go different cny gathering today hahahaa xD
RT : GIVE ME THIS ROOM?! 
Mask…where are you :3
Next round cny gathering later !
Sunday sunday !
Curious curious boy boy lolll xD
 omgggggg da lan zhan xDDD
 aiya ! I should go yr house sleep with u tonight arr xDD
Tmr with 99's babies again :D
Do u know how crazy we are tonight?xDDD 
All sampat crazy sakai xDDDD
Just reached home :))
With 00's babies tonight :D
Going somewhere tonight :))
I just came back from outside…
And you two cheong k at home until mad :3
Bojio !xDD
单恋双城. :))
I know you dak dang geh ==
HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Somebody trust me xDDDDDDD
Zzz
 hahaahhahahahahaha xDDDD
Childhood xDDDD know how to fold ad?xDD
Penny's songs tonight :))
 zhong lao shi scold u hahahahahaha blekkkkk xP I help u hear wat she say le xDDD
I don know why today laugh until crazy at school hahahahahahahahahahah xDDDD
RT : 眼泪，有时候是一种无法言说的幸福，
微笑，有时候是一种没有说出口的伤痛。
Brush teeth oi oi Zzz
RT : ： No next time.
": 我好像有读书恐惧症"
 sry left a full stop xD tolong. Pls xD
Keep shouting when u shock me ==|||
Brother== tolong pls don always suddenly appear behind me without any sound -.-
 okay kap xD welcome back to school my baby kap xP
NI HEN FAN
有你的味道
Small things that mean a lot: Cute texts, tight hugs, long replies, holding hands, remembering the little things,&amp; kisses on the forehead.
RT : Mistakes are meant for learning, not repeating!
RT : Always be thankful for everything you have.
Good night :3
 wow !! Liang !!!! :*
U use wat make de? Tmr teach me xP
 wow wow wow xDD weewuuwit xDDD self make or?
RT : 有谁每次和别人吵架自己都会先掉眼泪可是不是哭的那种..
不是很确定这样做是对还是错。
I m so scare the dream will be come true :O
What a worse dream :(((
RT : 人生就像是一场旅行，遇到的既有感人的，也有伤心的，既有令人兴奋的，也有令人灰心的，既有美妙的风景，也会有称不上景、只有风的地方。这世界上，没有能回去的感情。就算真的回去了，你也会发现，一切已经面目全非。唯一能回去的，只是存于心底的记忆。回不去了，我…
Good morning :))
Somebody ask me moral homework how to do -.- 
Don ask me xDI din touch any hw during this cny ._.
 (y)
Ytd just sleep for one and a half hour
Should I sleep now?
All my photos in that sakai 's phone ==
 why recently keep meet dao him at ANYWAY ANYTIME LOLLLLLLL
Dinner with relatives by marriage hahahahaha xD
Steady man !!!!
Gin ga jiong !!!! Shock man !!! XDDDD
 amy got go?
Delivery mcd again ._.
There is a bitch jio me watch movie later hahahahahaa xD
I just reach home larr -.-
Home sweet home &lt;3 &lt;3
Muacks muacks hahahahahahaha
I just reach pj ._.
. Leave my hometown and leave somebody
我不是生气你 我只是讨厌你
让我留下那么美好的回忆
On the journey…
Tonight… 
I try to make myself don cry…
But… :((
RT : 如果有个人看着你狼吞虎咽的吃相 微笑着帮你擦干净嘴角 如果有个人总是会说你胖 但依然守护着你 如果有个人在忙碌的时候能够不忘记你 回你的短信 照顾你的小情绪 如果有个人答应你 等着你离开这个世界 他才可以离去 如果有个人把你理所当然的归为…
My face become HONG BOK BOK now 
Hahahahaha xDDDD
He call me don drink beer ad…
Drink gok fa cha better hahahaha
Our journey ending at here…
I feel like reluctant :'(
I'm shy at first, but once I'm comfortable with you get ready for some crazy shit.
RT : Good times + Crazy friends = Amazing memories.
Thanks for bringing me here and there~
Tonight must be a special day for us :))
 maybe?hahahahaha
 tak ada id macam mana add haha xD
I giv u nuh haha yanning_0309
": 能陪你笑的人很多，能陪你走的人很少。"
RT : 其实 我没有很想去 那么多地方 我只想和你在一起 清晨早起散散步 晚上的时候 出去走走 可以吃吃东西 或者喝两杯 即使是这样 我也很开心 因为 我和你在一起 是多妙不可言的事啊
RT : 用自己的努力换取成功 然后成功就会像一个大巴掌 打在那些曾经看不起你的人脸上 要多响有多响 要多爽有多爽
RT : 有错过，才会有新的遇见。缘分就是，不早不晚，恰恰刚好。
 hahaha xD 
Mari mari xD I jio u at perak or wechat HAHAHAHHA
u make me can't stop laughing hahhahhahhhahhahhhhahaa
 hm? I don hav yr wechat also how king le?hahaha
Go out again later :D
RT : True love don't come when you're searching for it, true love just come only to a patient heart.
Last day with him :(
Ytd until midnight baru come back home…
Today -.-
He come and wake me up so damn early -3-
 hahaha xD
He always like that de larr haha
Damn long time din see dao him ad xD
U make me laugh and cry haha
Thanks of yr shoulder :))
 come come come xD
I m at perak hahahaha
King sam xi :))
He still wan me to accompany him hang gai ._.
Let me rest for a while first hahaha xD
Eat eat eat :') I gonna fat ._.
Tea time :D (@ Bread Espresso Desserts) 
Become smart boy now haha
 thanks :D have a nice day too :))
You look mature now :D
Happy ending :))
Tonight with him :))
Although the twins very cute…
But if when they cry at the same time…omgggggg xD
Two years old twins sooooooooo cute &lt;3
Play happy family at hometown !
Kid's game hahahahahaha
Need to queue up for brush teeth loll xD
Ytd sleep at 4.30 am Zzz
I sleep in the BABY COT LOLLLL
Nine people sleep in one room tonight !
But not including me ._.
拜神 :)
What a wonderful night !
Happy chinese new year !!!!!!!
Countdown!!!
 u giv me first nuh hahaha xD
 loll saye belum kahwin hahahahahahahha
 go take from yr mummy xP
 haven xD I want take angpau arr xD
Fireworks !!
 thanks :D hav a great night too xP
 hahahahahahahahhahahha
Laugh die me xDDDDD so funny man !!!
Hahahahahahahahahha xD
THE POLICE JUST PASS THROUGH
 for u~ it's not enough weight xD for me~ it's TOOOOOOOOO ENOUGH ==|||
After steamboat xD
Waiting for bath hahahahahahaha
 u very bad xD
Anyway~ Happy Chinese New Year eve xP
Can u imagine almost 24 people crazy when eating steamboat?xDD
 I don dare timbang my  weight ad xD hahahahaa
Why so funny xDDD
Play gangnam style punye cny song hahahahahhahaha
Kakak don worry xP
Later I help u wash hahahaha
 sure fat de -.-
But happy mahh xD after cny baru gam fei nuh xD
Everyone eat until so syokk but…later wash plate…… omgggggg xD
 I haven finish yet xD
Need to rest for a while hahahha xD
All talk about 黄子华 xDDD
Everyone eat until tired rest at the sitting room xDD
Abalone from Australia hohoho
Full until wanna rest for a while xD
Perang steamboat hahahahahahahahaha
Getting mad xDD
 hahahahahaha so pity me xD but nvm is okay xD 
Cause steamboat ing xP
Seafood omgggggg
Eat until crazy xDD
24++ people is waiting for bath !
Omgggggg I think I m the last -.-
Steamboat tonight!
Kakak so goodddddd 
She call me to sleep first later she will call me wake up hahahahaha
Reachhhhh
你必须坚强，没有人会懂你到底有多痛。你必须坚强，没有人会懂你到底要怎么继续生活下去。你必须坚强，没有人知道你经历了怎么样的生活。你必须坚强，没有人知道你微笑背后所隐藏的伤痛要怎么激励。你必须坚强，没有人知道你在想哭的时候却发现原来没有了眼泪。你若不坚强，谁替你勇敢。"
Lunch lunch lunch
Just reach Cameron highlands ._.
Jam jam jam -.-
RT : 面对伤害过自己的人，给他一个微笑转身离开，不会去恨，太累，也不会去爱，他不值。
 don worry also xD 
I got three power bank hehehehehhe
Hohoho xD
Damn ! My sifatt start pain ad ==
 don worry I got DATA hahahahaha xD
My brother just realise that I bring my bao bei pillow back xD 
He ask me y I din help him bring hahahahahhahaa
 ishh -.- that y nuh ._.
5 am I just wake up only xD
 got ._.
Every year also 8 hours ==|||
 perak kuala kangsar :))
