农村食品市场，令人担忧！  The rural food market, worrying!  农村市场成问题食品卸货场 假冒伪劣品扎堆横行
 在中国，能否自由的登陆和浏览？lol  In China, whether free login and browse? Lol
facebook 10年发展的过程。  During the Facebook 10 years development.  新闻网站报道  News website reported  在中国，能否自由的登陆和浏览？lol 
72岁鲍卡斯获全票通过 正式成为美国驻华大使_新闻_腾讯网  
@ yumenyukuaile唉！看到这个场景，很悲观！做工人的悲哀！  Oh! See this scene, very pessimistic! Do workers sorrow!
＃p = 1时\One of the workers (migrant workers), during the Spring Festival, a job search...... 
RT : 【美国参议院批准鲍卡斯任驻华大使】参议院周四全票批准马克斯·鲍卡斯任美国驻华大使。鲍卡斯是参议院财政委员会主席，也是奥巴马《合理医疗费用法案》设计者之一。 
Davos Debrief: The year ahead for Europe   来自 
成人性取向，应该得到尊重。同性恋，不应该受到歧视。Adult sexual orientation, should be respected. Gay, should not be discriminated against.
WATCH: Underwear Models Invite You to the Sochi Olympic Pride House | : 
The Bobs - Best of Online Activism 
中纪委：有的地方长期存在团伙性腐败 
RT : Palau to ban commercial fishing, promote tourism with “a 100 percent marine sanctuary”  #green
程晓农：中国的反腐将随着权贵海外财富的曝光无疾而终 :  
RT : 2003年12月10日，中国政府签署了《联合国反腐败公约》。2005年10月27日，十届全国人大常委会第十八次会议审议并批准加入《联合国反腐败公约》。如今已过九年了，我国为何还不制定一部《反腐败法》？ 在此，向全国人大常委会呼吁制定《反腐败法…
@ Number10gov 需要关心和帮助。  In need of care and help.
RT : South Africa: Harmony gold miners trapped underground 
   Want to see, you shoot, America and China, trade unions and develop contacts, pictures and introduce.
 景色很美！  The scenery is very beautiful!
RT : Chinese Film Crew joined me shooting yet another Amazing #Sunset 1 of 3 
 这样的拍摄，表达了什么内容！  This shot, expressed what content!
@ TomHall这样的拍摄，是一个什么的主题内容！  This is a photograph, what subject!
工人夫妇，买房的艰难经历  The couple of workers, buy a house difficult experiences
 家！是一个窝，老百姓的常用语！  Home! Is a nest, the common language of the people!

"This is the real happiness"! An ordinary worker family, buy a house! How to save money!
黑龙江龙凤玉米公司，发生爆炸， 9人受伤。  Heilongjiang Longfeng corn company, explosion, 9 people were injured.  新闻网站的报道  News website
我认为，这个话，是人说的话！lol  I think, this word, is what people say! Lol  
中纪委：有的地方存团伙性腐败 迟迟未能查处
 多米诺骨牌效应 中国  Domino effect China
牛刀：出来混迟早要还 中国处全面崩溃的边缘
 “我们很幸福”，在中国！  "We are very happy", in China!
   My teeth, my son's tooth, in need of repair, we dare not go to a hospital, terrible became afraid!
 
Secret: dental "profiteering", planting "teeth" (a way of therapy), cost three thousand, charges thirty thousand. 

WILL CHINESE WORKERS CHALLENGE GLOBAL CAPITALISM? 
80,000南非铂金矿工罢工生活工资  The firm support, workers of all countries in the world, United struggle!
 thank you 
 I'm Facebook, twitter. Know a lot of America trade union organization, communication and mutual understanding. Thanks a million
 我是中国工人，是一个（再就业）工会工作者。  I'm China workers, is a (re employment of workers). Here, I'm very glad to meet you, friends
@ TomHallTom Hall美国朋友。谢谢。我在中国。浏览twitter。  America friends. Thank you. I'm Chinese. Browse twitter.
 世界工人阶级，坚定的支持，你们人道主义的行动！致敬  The working class, strong support, your humanitarian action! Tribute  !
@ jamesmkane42吨KTH 
 发件人: Postmaster.org 代表 Ann Herbert (herbert.org) 此发件人位于你的联系人列表中。
 发送时间: 2014年2月4日 1:22:31 收件人: Yumenyukuaile  (noreply+2901799520@badoo.com); yumenyukuaile@hotmail.com
2014.2.4. from the international labor organization Beijing office, email. New year greetings! 
 2013.1.。我收到你的信息。2014.1.我发送照片。一个纪念！ 2013.1. I got your information. 2014.1. send me photos. A memorial! Thank you very much
@ SharanBurrow这是我，一个工人，一个再就业，工会工作者，公开的手势！2014.1月。  This is me, a worker, a re employment, workers, open gestures! 2014.1 month.
@ SharanBurrow  This is me, for the evaluation of Chinese union! My experience and feelings! 
@ Blackburn_ICTUR  This is me, for the evaluation of Chinese union! My experience and feelings! 
@ Blackburn_ICTUR，  The international labor organization, and Chinese workers? Chinese workers don't know! 
、  Workers' dignity, the rights of workers, the trade union is to rely on the duties and responsibilities!
  这是真正的民主，人权。工人的尊严！支持！
在新加坡打工，一个中国农民工。收入和感想  Working in Singapore, a China migrant workers. Income and feelings  
RT : 据英国《金融时报》报道，广东珠三角许多工厂正想方设法留住工人。随着人口结构的变化，这种做法已变得格外重要，尤其是在独生子女政策和政府创造内陆就业机会的努力下，企业招聘难度正在加大：
 不要指望工会，去帮助你维权！我根本没有想过，但是你需要去和它去抗争~！
 维权的经历，是艰辛和沧桑，但是，你只要想去争取，保持一点尊严，那就要艰难的付出！
农民工新加坡打工6年：工作自由每年税后挣10万
 发送时间: 2014年2月4日 1:22:31 收件人: Yumenyukuaile  (noreply+2901799520@badoo.com); yumenyukuaile@hotmail.com
 发件人: Postmaster.org 代表 Ann Herbert (herbert.org) 此发件人位于你的联系人列表中。
2014.2.4. from the international labor organization Beijing office, email. New year greetings!  非常感谢  Thanks a million
瑞士注重发展中国旅游市场 :  
RT : 候任驻华大使鲍卡斯谈美中关系  
  我希望：代中国工人代表，不仅是中华全国总工会，也需要中国NGO
国际劳工组织  The International Labour Organization
Chinese worker representatives, not only is the all China Federation of trade unions, also need to China NGO 
 
The all China Federation of trade unions Chinese website news: first, industry annual salary and welfare guidelines published. 
lol !!!!!!
货币的贬值，lol。"傻子也明白"。  The devaluation of the currency, lol. "A fool knows". 
开往故乡的列车：只要能回家啥苦都能受 
揭秘：离开家乡，在外打工妹（女人）真实生活 ，青春爱情赌幸福！  Secret: away from home, working girl (woman) in real life, the love of youth gambling happiness!
实拍外蒙古贫民悲惨现状 寒冬竟住下水道
Secret: away from home, working girl (woman) in real life, the love of youth gambling happiness! 
 向你致敬！独立工人组织的政党。  I salute you! Independent workers party.
Chinese workers, not understanding, New Zealand Trade Unions; don't know and Chinese Union, cooperation and contact 
 从奶粉事件以后，中国人开始了解，新西兰！  From the milk powder incident, Chinese began to understand, new zealand!

  Regulations for the implementation of the law on Guarding State secrets, shall be effective as of March 1,
 workers are factory life: the ideal and the reality gap is too big, increase the depression
体制障碍,是反对腐最大障碍.  System obstacle, is the biggest obstacle to oppose corruption
移民  Immigration 
In China, ‘Once the Villages Are Gone, the Culture Is Gone’ 
The Subhuman Conditions That Slaves And Child Laborers Face In India Are Worse Than You Imagined  via 
 你是中国人。加我QQ2453748253
@ Kaycee_Clifford你了解中国吗？了解中国同性恋吗？你知道中国人吗？了解中国的同性恋？
I'm not belittle Chinese, I don't hate society. But with the real examples, to think! To doubt?
工人正常退休，需要自己掏钱办手续。50000元代垫资金。  Workers need to pay their own normal retirement, the formalities. 50000 yuan pad funds.
真实的案例，工人现实的处境.遭遇和经历。  The real case, the situation of workers experience reality.
 中国人，需要的反思！中国文学家鲁迅的文章！  Chinese, need reflection! China litterateur Lu Xun article!
   
改革2014！我们在等待......我们在期待......！lol  The reform of 2014! We are waiting for... We are looking forward to......! Lol
贫困县数量为何越扶贫越多：身份由脸红变成艳羡 。贫困县，这个词语，现实的变化！  The word poverty county,, the reality changes!
中国农民工，工厂生活， 工作时间长，薪水微薄。  Chinese migrant workers, factory life, long working hours, salary is low.  
 春节，留守工地，挣钱。大学生  The Spring Festival, left the site, make money. College student 
愚昧的行动（打工仔）lol！  A foolish action (worker) lol!  工人.老板..警察  The boss. The police workers  
  Workers (migrant workers) to discuss wages, for without the door, when to stop?! 
这样的对比，有价值和意义吗？  Such contrast, value and meaning?
I absolutely hate, the commercial environment. Smear the significance of buddhism!  
 在中国，gay,或者很累！不敢公开，表达性的取向。你知道吗？  In China, gay, or very tired! Dare not openly, expressive orientation. Do you know?
 你好，朋友。你是GAY.  Hello, friends. You are GAY  认识你很高兴，朋友。  Nice to meet you, friends.
 当父母知道，孩子是同性恋之后......  When parents know, the children are gay......
  新年好！  Happy new year.
RT : 中国/香港: 新华社两文自诩中央力挺香港才有今天成就: 

          新华社年初一发表两篇文章，自诩只有在中央的力挺下，香港的失业率才会居于低位，才有今天的成... 
 今年，明显的感觉，春节喜庆的气氛（氛围），大街上.家里......，没有那么强烈！很平淡。
This year, obvious sense, Chinese New Year festive atmosphere (atmosphere), the street. In the home, not so strong..! Very dull.
McD's Kaikohe: No Air Conditioning - No Workers  来自 
 一些外国劳工，文艺团体，参加。泰国.....  Some foreign labor, art groups, to participate in the. Thailand....
真正的工人舞台，真实的工人创造。  The real workers stage, the real workers create.  推荐浏览  Recommend browsing 
国际工会，世界工人，坚定的支持你！  International Union of workers, the world, the firm support you!
贫困.怜悯--不应该是世界工人阶级，独有的专利!  Poverty. Pity -- should not be the world proletariat, patented!
Freedom of the Press in China «  
RT : 法国/中国: 巴黎庆祝马年活动丰富多彩: 

          在中法建交50周年庆典活动的隆重气氛中，法国华人社区的春节文化活动也热闹登场。华人聚居的13区的文化活... 
@ Number10gov @ richardbranson今天，是中国农历新年！ Today is the lunar new year, Chinese!  新年好！  Happy new year.

 新年好！  Happy new year.  今天，是中国农历新年！  Today is the lunar new year, Chinese!
Ban Ki-moon - Chinese New Year 2014:  来自 @youtube
我顶了一个  视频  Ban Ki-moon - Chinese New Year 2014
新年好！  Happy new year.  今天，是中国农历新年！  Today is the lunar new year, Chinese!

教科文组织：低质量教育，年消耗全球1290亿美元  UNESCO: low quality of education, the $129000000000 global annual consumption
 这个新闻题目，会触发对工人（农民工），带来的......
 借中国新年之际，祝福和问候，美国驻华使馆，全体工作人员。
做为中国老百姓，我们更期待着，在新的一年里，美国使馆，给中国百姓，带来更多的惊喜！更多的感慨！
 各大网站，都在转载，这个新闻。  Each big website, are reproduced, the news.
 
按照劳动法规定执行！会发生这样的事情吗？  Implemented in accordance with the labor law! Could this happen?
RT : 骆家辉大使和夫人祝大家新年快乐：李蒙和我祝你们每个人在马年朝气蓬勃、生龙活虎，与你们的家人和所爱的人阖家团圆。2014年我们将继续看到此关系的进一步加强。观看视频: 
Thinking and analysis  
They beg for wages, why not ask for help, the trade union organization? 
 news, how do you understand, the meaning of it?!  Farmers' request, the media to help!
  International Olympic Committee, in the 2014.7 month, determine the finalist candidate city. 
工人（农民工），讨要工资。发生在我市的新闻报道。  Workers (migrant workers), living wages. In my city news. 
 
The latest news: Anhui China  2014.1.28.工人（农民工），讨要工资。  2014.1.28. workers (migrant workers), living wages. 
Sincere thanks to all the help, support, my friend! Greetings to you, good wishes 
回家！回家过节！回家吧！回家过节！ 
这条新闻，产生的疑问！  This news, the question!  哪个部门，受理投诉？  Which department, complaints?
A Sad First: Working People Now Need Food Stamps More than Kids, Elderly  via 
The Bobs - Best of Online Activism 
RT : 韩东方:中国工人应当享有经济改革与发展的成果 :  
@ handongfang 
RT : The minimum wage and the state of microeconomics: No, micro is not the "good" economics 

I don't know, as a Chinese labor, will have the opportunity to come here to learn. 
@ Ruskin_College能够进入这里学习。我很期待！  To study here. I am looking forward to it.   一个中国劳工。  A China labour.
RT : 中国: 安徽反腐审计 查出上千亿问题公款: 

          中国各地反腐倡廉财务审计查出问题多多，仅在安徽一省查出2013年一年违规财务金额就高达300多亿元人... 
China Migration to the city: entrepeneurs and regular workers:  来自 @youtube
我顶了一个来自  的  视频  China Migration to the city: entrepeneurs and regular
这个倒霉的事情，不值得同情。  The bad things, do not deserve sympathy. 
 of state-owned enterprises, frequent job hopping, not willing to do, a victim of political struggle!
公款吃饭.对企业的影响  Public funds to eat. For enterprises
Occupy the minimum wage: will young people restore the strength of unions?  来自 
  你说因为什么？你的提问已经回到了结果！
 在中国的问候！  In Chinese greetings!
@ RickPantera在中国的问候！  In Chinese greetings!
@ BarackObama在中国的问候！在中国的问候！
@ Number10gov在中国的问候！在中国的问候！
 我个人网页，可以促使你，更多的真实的了解，中国工人和中国工会  I personally Webpage, makes you, truly understand more, Chinese workers and China Union
 Because, I understand. Appreciated. Your views on Chinese union. But, I hope, you make efforts! A China workers greetings
 因为，我理解.赞赏.你对中国工会的看法。但是，我希望，你做出努力！一个中国工人的问候
Can you tell me, how are you? With the development America Chinese, trade union organization contact. Exchanges and cooperation?
你好，美国工会组织的领袖。你能否告诉我，你如何？发展美国与中国，工会组织的接触.交流合作吗？
 中国.男性同性恋。2000万人。  Chinese. Gay men. 20000000 people.  
 一段时期以来，劳务派遣工同工不同酬、同岗不同权，社保福利待遇低，没有职业培训，职业发展受限等问题广受诟病，违反临时性、辅助性、替代性的“三性”规定，滥用派遣制度等违法行为更成为核心问题。
 ，《暂行规定》回应了长期广受关注的劳务派遣用工岗位界定、劳务派遣工的同工同酬待遇、“虚假外包”违法派遣等问题，特别是划定了用工单位使用劳务派遣工比例的“红线”——不得超过其用工总量的10%，将有效遏制滥用劳务派遣制度的行为。
《劳务派遣暂行规定》 "Interim Provisions" labor dispatch will be implemented in March 1st  。  News website reported.
中国，20000万，男性同性恋。  Chinese, 200000000, male gay  
Across an Ocean: Can U.S., Chinese Unions Find Common Ground? - Working In These Times 
The Ups and Downs of Chinese Unionists, and the ‘Interests of Humanity’ - Working In These Times 

Don’t Feel Guilty About Chinese Worker Abuse - In These Times 
煤泄漏权卖权聚光灯在哥伦比亚的劳工和环境斗争 - 工作在这些时候 
销售烟花炮竹，指定网点。如此萧条，空荡.寥寥无几的人。  Sales of fireworks and firecrackers, designated outlets. Such a depression, empty scanty person.
如此萧条，空荡.寥寥无几的人。  Sales of fireworks and firecrackers, designated outlets. Such a depression, empty scanty person. 

 个人网站，主页的网址。 A personal website, homepage.
             个人网站，主页的网址。一个个人网站，网页。
GAy
同性恋
四川大批警力拦截35名欲外出打工少年 
柴油掺水，超标49倍。企业要求，不要报道。  Diesel oil, exceed the standard 49 times. Business requirements, not reported.
@ yumenyukuaile 孤独.寂寞的单身老人  Lonely lonely single people
孤独，寂寞的单身老人孤独寂寞的单身人士 
崔健：中国政治不开放就不能再向前走 :  
中国传统的节日，农历新年，即将到来！  Chinese traditional festival, the lunar new year, the upcoming! 
.工人愿望“希望顺利，拿到工资”！  2014 workers desire "to smooth, get paid"! 
河北坝上，150万亩防护林枯死 ，国家林业局回应，自然衰亡。 
 绿皮车：就是价格便宜的车  The green car: is the price cheap car
 High-speed Rail era, workers (migrant workers), for sitting "green car" that do not lack of time, lack of money!
 高铁时代，工人（农民工），争坐“绿皮车” 表示不缺少时间，缺少的是钱！
全国现有，３４５７个，困难职工帮扶中心；普遍开通１２３５１职工热线电话。  Currently, 3457, help center staff; staff generally opened 12351 hotline.
在册（备案）的困难职工家庭，是５００万（户）。  (for the record) difficult for workers in the family, is 5000000 (households).
News of the all China Federation of trade unions, said the website, digital.  
 
China retrieves $1.6 billion for migrant workers ahead of Lunar New Year  来自 @reuters
法院协助欠薪方转移资产 农民工讨薪13年无门 migrant workers Taoxin, 13 years without results!
这是医院误诊，还是失职？  This is the hospital misdiagnosed, or dereliction of duty?
我顶了一个  视频  Made In China - Factory Workers
Made In China - Factory Workers:  来自 @youtube
Working Conditions in China:  来自 @youtube
我顶了一个  视频  Working Conditions in China
A look at the living conditions of Chinese workers:  来自 @youtube
我顶了一个  视频  A look at the living conditions of Chinese workers
@ peterlacy 
和魔鬼打交道，只有是幽灵！  Deal with the devil, only is the ghost!
Anhui teen commits suicide to save his older brother's life  来自 @
 回家.亲情.健康--老百姓心中的主题  Home. Family. Health - the hearts of the people of the theme
中国传统节日，农历新年，即将到来。  China traditional festival, the lunar new year, the upcoming.
