一生人中有你一个这样的朋友，足矣。
其实他很会想
姨婆给哥哥的红包RM10,给我的RM50. 我受到了惊吓 OAO
wtf?去姑姑家吃团圆饭？！像话嘛？-_-
没想到还去得成，天助俺也！
 是在说我吗？ :(
中学的朋友是最好的 (y)
 这招厉害 (y)
 so syok
i was feel like fuck yea
 很纠结啊亲
诶，琵琶，你还是别回去了。回不去了知道吗？
想回去，但有种回不去的感觉。
物是人非，诶琵琶，想重见天日吗？
你。。。该不会是喜欢我吧？哈哈
钱怎么不对帐呢 @_@
drunk again. mother fucker.
 因为今日我生日
自作多情 好像被人扇了几个耳光子
": 我也好希望 在我很累很累的时候 有个人给我打电话 逗我笑 唱首歌给我听" 那人是你 可再也不是你。
我只想粉饰太平，你也别揭穿我了，大家都是一家的。
祝我生日快乐，可好？
唉。。。你还是说漏嘴了
烦死人
烦
他们都说撕破脸了后 不好做人。
我觉得不然，撕破脸后，彼此更真诚。
朋友不需要多，真心就好。
so happyyyyyyyyyyyy
每件事儿 都变了味。
a multimedia student ask me wat is dslr. imba
 u always do tat
 tak bagus meh
my mum juz now called me and tell me ytd was my lunar calendar birthday!!!! omfg. officially 21 years old now!!!!
 die hard jiu you x(
 yaaa.. :(((
 我从kampung来的嘛 哈哈哈哈
 nak exam. :(((((
 saye punya birthday ar
 owh..... den nvm lor :(
 &lt;3 dun scold me next time when i gving u positive energy haha
 15 free mou? jom hang out
 自己承认蛤
 tat why u are so far now. i am at kl
 bad dou ar. 最毒妇人心 :(
 live u. but u were so far now. i hv contact with lj nearly again. :(
 i dun know oh. can u explain here? xD
 post them then. haha
not really will treat a friend like no one else anymore. human mind are so terrible and complicated. should i buried my soul?
 goodnight xD
tested. hahaha.. i think i am right
hah.. again.
长大或许是 从自己可以怎么玩的想法变成 怎么带父母去玩 吧
睡不着啊睡不着
 mv look like porn . xD
feel like wan to cry
香广男也变巨人？！
不该我做的我绝对不碰，做了你们也未必珍惜。何必把自己的脸面丢在地上让你们踩？
垃圾到处都是
finally done final cut's rough cut
被认同，真的很开心
RT : 时间在走，年龄在长。 懂得的多了，看透的多了，快乐越来越少了。
people dun understand ur tears included wat.
dad said wan to cut off my financial source if i am not go back in this weekend! T_T wtf.
KL ppl damn weird.
which fucking tail i stepped again?
moving every sem.
fucking bad day
我竟然想起了在华乐的那一段日子
 me too. :(
 bcoz maggie hv to bck home @_@
seriously hate to edit video
he is holding a 免死金牌.
RT : 成熟是给陌生人看的，傻逼是给小伙伴看的，幼稚是给喜欢的人看的。
i do.
 不甚好哟 亲
 lalala.. why to do it. lol.. slp lar. vamp
 bad dou ar this gal!! i am downloading that drama for u.. now no need liao.. DELETE DELETE!!
 i wan check whether got news update not mah.. ntg special.. sienz
 it so call genius!! i told u to post the notes here.
 外星人真的来了地球
 is  lor
  fuck yea. u tag wrong dy.
those mosquito seriously geng. still itchy at 2nd day.
first time so tired. physically and mentally.
i juz dun wan ppl shooting under tension environment. ~.~
 ^^y
 durian nice mah
ommo. found the porn who aim for ladies market. 
not bad...
 好！说的太好啦
 变脸变好快
 俺说了 他说ok
 洗你妹的头
prince around me.
i thought i was told you. this is a busy sem? 
wth
dun ask the fuck unless you wan to help.
seriously hungry.
I am so stupid.
yeaaaa. mid term tmr and i hvnt start to do revision. GOD BLESS ME
 o.o
Capricorn is complicated.
great. i slept for 5 hours and still keep headache.
the most i hate is edit video!!
一个人在看终极系列的时候，突然好怀念。好怀念中一时跟表姐们一起看终极一班的快乐时光。好怀念，好怀念中二时跟同窗一起追着终极一家的剧情。好怀念，好怀念高一时，很后桌的同学讨论终极三国的故事线发展。到了大学，跟… 
 man man wait xD
所有的过往都是曾经。
 carrot u :(
 stand up and massage it
 bored class :(
 bored lecturer
其实我觉得我蛮容易猜中别人的心思呢
 沙漠晚上也很冷
哇～原来还有恶人先告状这招 你太强了啦
 chocolate cream chip!!
 wat idea?
 hehe.. i am not drinking coffee x)
 why? sangat teruk a?
 忍一忍 你快两个星期没有喝了！ xD
我知道我们的心里都有个疙瘩，没人会大大方方的拿出来。就这样吧，萍水相逢就好。
梦见自己结婚 场面很心酸
 我来帮你加小鸟 &lt;3
 learn monkey jump 1st xD
有人说我勤劳！！！哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈
 not affordable to me :(
 wow.. with siape?
 at least is a smart phone xD
busy 15th oct.
 too expensive
finally u hv a smart phone now!!! 
 原来有华文名啊 我还发现到人其实要睡觉的
 原来不是叫 twitter啊
 啊哈哈哈哈哈哈 原来你会读呢
 我是手写的诶
 大神啊 你发现好多东西捏
 好神奇哦 我还以为只有动物会诶
 动了12个小时也不会累死
但你叫我怎能忘怀
he is a good man.
tom yam make me sakit perut in the midnight Orz..
吧唧吧唧的
被朋友信赖是一件很幸福的事
 bcoz u look like so emo today.............
為了今生與你相遇 我在前世早留有餘地
 okok x)
 no.
你是我唯一喜欢的老师，很喜欢很喜欢那种。 happy birthday, Mr.Ong
我懒惰从新交代自己的人生
 haha.. so monday no class xD
seriously.. No timetable?
 越来越差 LOL
难道要星期一才出时间表？
TARUC also like to do last minute work. 
Time table hvnt release yet.
thinking to upgrade my laptop. But cost me RM500. 
deal or not?
时间表怎么还不出
last day to go. finally can escape from bangla
 不会吧 厕所离你房间很远诶 xD
 想念我了吧 xD
你妹 被人笑到面都黄了
 yuan lai got ppl help u celebrate. i scare u ji mo baru call u xD
 haha apple ntg can do dy :x
 yeap, it is copy android :x
 aeon big
public holiday? still hv to work
真系累
 都话某事咯 你今日做滴野仲伤吾的心啊
 女主角就会说 吾某事啊
我觉得我再一个人住下去的话 就要成仙了
 u dare ar? xDDD
 割到手后一定有不好的事情发生
 trying to learn now xD
switch to prepaid?
 same T.T
spend before get
不知道是不是太久没跟你聊天了 总觉得你越发陌生。anyway,考试加油
我就一爷儿们，吃啥醋
惊觉会被有了女朋友的朋友疏远
the max level of boring dinner
 ow...
想玩 剑侠情缘，可是要钱 :(
第一次看小说看了半本了男主角才出现  真奇葩
 因为不关我的事
 wow. y so angry?
对不起，对你的生日一点兴奋的感觉也没有。
冲上云霄2 seriously not nice. lol
玲珑骰子安红豆，相思红豆，入骨相思君知否...
咖哩山猪肉 srupppp
so true. 
the last time.
宁愿痛着明白，也不要浑浑噩噩
 哈哈哈哈哈哈哈 我本来还想tweet的，被你截糊
 50岁了！
不留后路，才能向前冲
为嘛悲剧。 :(
disgusting.. :(
 你40岁的尽头 xD
 handelababy
 来，今晚我们梦中相见
其实我做什么都不好，粉饰太平却是天下第一。
不小心对家人说了粗口 oh no.. 要戒要戒
程又青常有，而李大仁不常有
坚持到尽头便是固执。
