早 
Woo RT  Sex with Glass app lets you do the deed while viewing it from every angle [NSFW] 
Huh RT : Fashion has a dead girl fetish.  
RT : #China starts building second aircraft carrier: Media  
Popped by  just now to get a pack of coffee
Got free chocolate milk. So I made mocha
Fight la, fight ": China steps up appeal to West in Japan propaganda battle "
Want to learn cupping
Enjoying the naked portafilter
Home sweet home 
nice RT : Strut it like ! Get our mini tote bag at only SGD11.90. Perfect for your aer... 
RT : PM Lee, #Lucasfilm founder George Lucas meet #stormtroopers at the opening of Lucasfilm Singapore's new HQ today. http://t.co/…
KANGKUNG!!!

"Kangkung dulu naik sekarang dah turun. Bila turun kenapa tak puji kerajaan?" 
RT : Sandcrawler lands in Singapore: PM  opens Lucasfilm's new studio w George Lucas  http://t.co…
LIKE  nice extraction
awesome 
HAHAHA 
RT : Coffee quote of the day: "Life without coffee is scary." 
RT : Fact of the day - the Tokyo Zoo closes down for two months every year to give the animals a break from the people
Hulk @ #Lucasfilm @ The SandCrawler 
KANGKUNG!!
Very nice RT  It’s more than just the coffee that brings all the b...   
#rocketespresso + #mazzer 
Wanna get a reg barber tamper
Nice looking little machine 
Nice RT  MORE PICTURES: Chinatown lights up to usher in the Chinese Year of the Horse  
Cool RT  Hide from bots by masking tweets in CAPTCHA.  

Window view 
Yay Instapaper is reliable now! RT  And there it goes! #FalconPro v2.1.1 available for download on  ...
RT : Anyone have an aboard that says "sex sells, unfortunately we sell coffee"
ha! RT : agreed! #disney #animation #frozen #england #olaf 
aiyo RT : 泰國選舉委員會今日敦促看守政府提請國王發佈新諭令終止2月2日的大選，稱目前的局勢將造成當選議員人數不足，大選“注定會失敗”。
RT : Moderate Coffee Consumption Won't Cause Dehydration, Study Finds  
Look what's on TV #Sherlock 
Path to... 
RT : Congrats to Frozen on its #GoldenTomatoAwards win for best-reviewed Animation film! 
RT : What kinda logic is this??? 
Dialed in the Mazzer!
Ouch burnt my tongue
running out of beans!!
bwaha finally watched #Sherlock S3E1
made japanese iced coffee with  's santa petrona. Delicious
cool RT : The first Kite trailer and clips are full of sexy exploding heads! 
Hello library, long time no see 
Wanna try the geisha
Made 3 latte's + 1 affogato without a sweat. Dual boiler ftw
晴？阴？雨？ 
First finished pack of 2014 
argh bulb blew again
Nice acidity
RT : Great list! "Best Coffee of 2013" 
Aiya ran out of ice, wanna make iced coffee
cool RT : I just uploaded "Ink N Drink Review" to Vimeo: 
 bwahaha
lol RT : Final little teaser before we release this video.  living the coffee life. 
Woot RT : Chinese ship used in Antarctic rescue stuck in ice 
 !! RT : Calling all Transformers fans!!!
Be sure to check out the 3D showdown between Au... 
Alcohol allergy?
Finally moved them away from the dining table aha!
Until the mazzer arrives... 
like 
There goes 1/1. Back to work tomorrow
NY shopping
Sweet~ #regram from yunjia 
Nice RT  A Year of Coffee: 86 coffees, and about 38 different roasters in all. What a way to end 2013 
BBC News - Happy new year? The world's getting slowly more cheerful 
well done  for calling me about expiring contract, no other telcos do that!
Happy New Year! All the best!
RT : The best time to drink coffee according to science - I Love Coffee 
Woohoo 
Awesome RT : #WATCH your favourite airport in a stunning miniature effect, as we work hard for you, 2... 
Nice RT  #flatwhite #rawcoffeekl 
Nice @ Terminal 3 
Nice RT  Drink coffee everyday. @ Handsome Coffee Roasters 
Drink! RT : 11 reasons you should drink coffee every day of your life (cont) 
RT : 11 reasons you should drink coffee every day of your life  via  
Like RT  The perfect cup- arriving soon in gorgeous graphic gr... #edinburgh #espresso #coffee #inker 
Haha RT  What does the bird say? 
Homemade ftw! 
Thanks! Was wondering how to drain the gaggia classic RT : Winter maintenance tips (cont) 
Dedicated espresso machine table ftw!
Ah the dining table is once again a dining table again
Nice RT : My first sip at the new Sensory Lab in Bondi Beach is a beauty... Rich, (cont) 
!! 
!! 
RT : There are 363 days till Christmas and people already have their Christmas lights up

unbelievable
Yum~ made iced pour over
Wanna get one of these 
Where to get tsuki-usagi stuffs here in sg?
Like RT : MRT map redesigned! 
RT : Dear readers,
Were you one of the ones who signed up for the Do Not Call (DNC) Registry this month? The Personal... http://t.co…
Woot RT : Cendol bakar, anyone?   #hgwmy
RT : NYC has always been in my peripheral vision  #illustration  
9am... *yawn*
RT : James Franco Explains the Art of Selfies: 'Attention Is Power'  
Hah RT : These 8 Cats Need Coffee Way More Than You Do Right Now! #ohbrother 
想吃 steak
RT : Agenda Lebuhraya PLUS: DAP sudah dedah sejak 1987 
Relaxing
Clean and shiny #rocketespresso 
Catching up on reading 
time for an afternoon coffee
RT : Disclose gov't funds spent on Perkasa,   told
 
RT : 60% of consumers are unaware of the upcoming light bulb phase out 
我知错了，gotta visit dentist every 6 months
Yeah! RT : Happiness is... 
Cool RT : AOKP joins the KitKat party for select devices  by  
RT : Capitalism has made factory workers in China and India winners, and losers of the West's middle class: Comment http://t.co…
Simultaneous brew + steam for the first time. Not bad
Bahaha RT  There's nothing like a hot cup of coffee... 
RT : The Blue Umbrella Making Of is done! The last three days bring you Music, Cam Capture &amp; more!  htt…
*knock knock*
"Who's there?"
"Delivery!" 
早 
RT : Need a Coffee Refill?  
RT : Crank it up! 
Tasting  's bokasso +  santa petrona. Nice
被问：“庆祝圣诞节吗？”
Hmm...
「庆祝」怎么定义？
庆祝 = 吃吃喝喝？那我算是会庆祝圣诞节吧？
庆祝 = 放假？圣诞节是公定假期，我是被逼庆祝？
庆祝 = 该做节日里该做的事？我不干那些叻～
哈哈哈哈！
Merry Christmas 啦～
Last day of work!
Merry Christmas from #Lucasfilm 
I just did! :) RT  You've got a lot of to-do's this week, here's a to-don't: Don't forget to clean your coffee grinder. You...
RT : A Coffee Expert Explains Why It's A Terrible Idea To Order Your Coffee Drink 'Extra Hot'  #coffee
"Roast date"! Not some silly "use by" or "expiry date" 
Quickly dropped by  to stock up for the break 
Chalk ftw!
Woo RT  The new Cafelat all in one portafilter!! Can convert from a single, to a double &amp; also to... 
Nice RT  Getting ready for my afternoon cappuccino 
No choice but to order a  MY coffee. Yucks
Set for traveling! 
Finished 3 packs of 's terra firma for this month
Backflushed machine
Nice RT : This little pornographic shot of espresso was one I did over 10yr ago; It's been ... 
Cool RT : Coffee Guide  
~O) RT : Symbol for coffee 
RT : Symbol for coffee 
☕️ 
V60 gears complete
RT : How to Piss Off Your Barista  
Hmm not getting any response from ... guess I need to pop by their shop personally...
Nice RT  Love it when our Instagram followers photograph their morning coffee. 
Eager to head home to try new beans on v60
RT : Just add coffee 
Frozen wasn't really that good
阳光普照 
 不是暴饮就好，天天喝是无害的，对身体是有益的。要知道豆的品质，烘豆时没有添加食物、香精、化学品… 保证最后在杯里的咖啡成分只有咖啡+水
*slurp* 
No espresso tonight
V60 pour over tonight 
Because I got the v60!
Postponing chemex purchase
她煮晚餐
我煮咖啡 
RT : holy shit. coffee cats = internet gold. RT : Shopping today? May we suggest coffee cats 
Wow RT  Our first machine: The Ratio Eight. We designed it to make eight beautiful cups of coffee with... 
espresso + sugar, nice
RT : #SherlockLives on January 1 2014. 
Oooo! RT  Abby's sig drink! Mint extracted with coffee puck!  #newcreation #unreal ^JI 
RT : A quick coffee to tie up the working week. Catch some awesome @sensory_lab coffee on a Monthly Fix… 
Cool RT  New coffee shop, just opened in Auckland, with our Aurelia II! Discover it here 
Now I just need the Mazzer
Friday night drink 
Cool RT  How to Roast Coffee Beans at Home  
RT : This New Scale On Kickstarter Is Like Really Smart And Stuff   on @Kickstarter feature by @a…
such consistency!
Very nice RT  It's getting coffee nerdy over here. Enter the Reg Barber X Handsome coffee tamper ava… 
almost destroyed my grinder…
Very nice RT  Gorgeous #StradaEP on bar at  : 
RT : From late last night, a great little read about dedication, and not accepting B+, by observing a barista: http://t.co/4VRSw…
品了各种咖啡
oic! RT : A Google Engineer Explains Why KitKat Has White Status Bar Icons And Only Shows Connectivi... 
very nice RT : Getting To Know Android 4.4 KitKat Edition - Android Gets Cleaner, Brighter, More Useful 
Finished the last pack of supermarket beans. Gonna dial in fresh new beans from  tonight
Want to get some piccolo latte cups
刚刚被航空公司打抢，我还是心甘情愿的被抢
subscribed to  's MDC plan :D
done booking 过年回乡 flights
Want to upgrade to a prosumer machine at home!
Pulled a shot with the machine in office. Commercial machine feels goooood
Going to try a macchiato tonight
YEP! 
Back to coffee world after a few hours of tea exploration
☕️
wanna try siphon next
coolest costume ever 
wanna get some colour cups
Good extraction 
Next to buy: knockbox, tamping mat, blind filter
Hmm should I get a bottomless portafilter?
RT : The La Marzocco factory was recently featured on  #HowDoTheyDoIt. Watch the video here&gt;&gt; 
Dafuq ": Jar Jar Binks is our #CharacterOfTheWeek and on sale in the in-game store!  #AngryBirdsStarWars2 "

RT : "7 Powerful Images #Coffee Lovers Will Understand"  via (@policymic) 
早上  起床  推开睡房门
一股芬芳扑鼻而来
咖啡香  爽～
泡咖啡去
Very nice RT  Our Inker cups are proving popular! New colours &amp; styles arriving soon for anyone lo... 
RT : Our Inker cups are proving popular! New colours &amp; styles arriving soon for anyone looking. #coffee #inker #espresso ht…
Commercial steam wand 4th try... failed...
Pulled a nice shot wahaha
Today's shot was great!
Got it RT  Keep your Gaggia in tip-top brewing shape! 
aha cute 
RT : The making of a Rocket Espresso machine 
RT : RT : The CEO of Burberry is now the head of Apple retail. Photo of the new Apple Store Geniuses: http://t.co/AKrHa…
:) RT  Add a shot or two of espresso in your Frappuccino to give you the kick you need. ;)
Finally finished the beans from Starbucks, didn't quite like the taste
