人生总是很累 你现在不累 你以后会更累
不要侮辱王力宏的歌可以吗................
可能已经不再是那么的轰轰烈烈了 也回不去了
不是生气 没有生气 只是失望 非常失望 是我的问题
Dont put the attention to what he wear when he doesnt win ballon'dor please. In ya face!
身累了没关系 心没累就行了 继续走下去
我相信你觉得不对的事你是不会去做的
And at last all i can blame just myself.
其实也没什么 就只是累了 累了你懂吗
New case nia la not nice hp laarh :3
是不是该来张自拍照了
Dslr laptop or ip 5s. No money la duih.
 is CHIEW mr stefan new ktar colleage grass~~
Feels like back to school but this time im driving im standing in front and im teaching. #music #bm #bi #moral #geo #sports
1st day always the toughest one. U cant take the second step if u never make the 1st one. Jiayouuu
要么不开始 要么一辈子
 u noe i wan to ac u de.so sad
懂得爱怎么了 深深爱怎么了 有些人就是看不见 听不见 放不了手 回不了头 近水楼先得月 向阳花木易为春 i just cant afford to lose you
Out v the one you love nomatter how bad it goes u stil will be happy n smile.With the one you dont nomatter how well it goes u stil feel bad
Even you know.But you have to act dont know.You cant let the tears drop.You just cant.You just have to act silly act stupid.Because you are.
All i want for chrismas is you.
没有物质的爱情只是一盘沙
死不可怕 失去你才最可怕
Ya i cannot do anythg....n my heart break into pieces
如果终究有一天要分离 我不想是今天 我只是想坚持道我不能再坚持 坚持到你杀了我 装傻也好 只要能在一起
我想说的是 我的世界 没有一个角落没有你
是我一厢情愿 是我傻
When i carry the brick i cant hold ur hand. When i put down the brick i cant feed ur stomach. Can u understand.
Baby wake up lorhhhhh
倔强的爱情不讨人喜欢 不可泣可贺 但很真实
Zhou zai feng zhong jing tian yang guang tu ran hao wen rou.
 everythg tat kills me makes me feel alive
你可以相信自己的女人 但千万别相信外面的男人
Having fun with #ClumsyNinja for iPad! Join me now for FREE! 
RT : 沒有完全適合的兩個人 只有互相遷就的兩個人
And i just can lay thr and wish happybirthday happybirthday happybirthday happybirthday. Useless me...
如果你20岁后 花的钱还是向父母伸手要的 那你满身的名牌只能衬托你的无能
Having fun with #ClumsyNinja for iPad! Join me now for FREE! 
Moderm spoilt iphone 4 lag flu 99 i realy dont know want how
Sometimes sometimes u just hope u can forget somthing in the past. U rather u never remember it.
不到1M的网络哪里够3架smartphone2架ipad还有一个一直看风行的电脑 WTF
Just dont let the world change you.
最后最后 我还是放弃了
Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPad! Join me now for FREE! 
有时候有钱人讲的话我们就是GET BU DAO!
Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPad! Join me now for FREE! 
Fight hard cuz u dont want to be normal.
I just want a life. Happy life.
Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPad! Join me now for FREE! 
Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPad! Join me now for FREE! 
Because u r nt born rich. So u have to fight hard. Let ur children born rich. And die rich.
好吧我承认 我是那么那么那么那么那么害怕失去你的
我们所经历 或将要经历的 都会不一样
What can i do.
Somtimes u just have to delete ur wishlist to complete others.
把自己打碎 再从新塑造一个自己
  是在说我吗 尼玛
Die lah die lah die lah
She is Jacqueline. 孩子不会是需要教的 不是打骂 虽然只是轻轻地打了一下 就哭到半命 疼的不是肉 是她那幼小纯真的心 
你将喜欢讲鸟话 做莫你不去做鸟人 talk cock or be cock. Is ur choice.
先生 你这么麻烦不然买个铁包吧 o0o
Take the 1st step n keep holding on. Tats how u be responsible.
给你你会怎么选
有时候 主动要求的爱不伟大 但让人比较舒服
自作自受 是我的错
我知道 生日不是大完
Somtime i rather dont believe in anything. Bcuz is so tiring.
如果留下来会变得软弱 那么是不是离开就会更坚强
有些人他们就是烂丝得起
U have pressure i have pressure. U dunoe my pressure i dunoe ur pressure. Be understanding.
人有时候就是被自己的价值观彻底地击倒了
放了自己吧
什么让我想走 什么又让我想留
不敢想不敢问 有一点坏的可能
看过太多曾经 听过太多过去 只是想简简单单 安安静静
已经回不去过去的疯狂了 :3
My dad jio me eat tutti fruitti. Trololo
Instagram makes me hungry. Trololo
Is because of the refree. Is all because of the refree.
未来 是要为了当初没有做好自己的决定而后悔 还是要为了当初没有听好别人的劝告而后悔呢
 不要太想哥 哥只是个传说
 bu yao nan guo. Yao hao hao guo :3
Wish me luck :3
Push yourself over the limit or you will never where you can reach :3
  相信还会有点小激动
Day walker. Night stalker
保留一点饥饿感 才会是你继续前进的动力 :3
手中的棉花糖也融化了
Be the reason someone smile today :3
Is like yeah you're home and is like no you're gone. Im gonna miss you sososo much
或许我才是应该走的那一个
可能是因为知道第二天醒来还能看到你 所以睡得比较安心 睡得比较迟
有些事无论如何在你的生命里必须经历 不管你有没有钱好不好命 你就他妈的必须经历
People changes. So does world. So does everything.
Counting down for sweetnesssssssss.
Fuck this shit Im going to set a great hair and act like im energetic.
 you did this for love. Just keep holding on. U can de. niama
 i know that feel bro
Fuck this shit imma ganna break dance
 好啦在努力了啦!!! 得叫那个诱惑等等我哦 &lt;3
 那个诱惑就在马大啦!!!
不是外面太诱惑 只是家里太堕落
If you dont love your job you dont love your life.
青春是打开了就合不上的书 人生是踏上了就回不了头的路 爱情是扔出了就收不回的赌注
做生意 充满了虚情假意 挤出来的笑容 挤出来的问候 GAN! 也不是为了钱
Is time to go. I guess.
 thanks lol.
I want you to stayyyyy......
Stay or leave. Gonna start another stage of my life. Perharps. I think.
 不要太难过
看见别人变强的时候 你还有理由堕落吗
去面对自己的失败需要多大的勇气
不只要有眼前路 还得留个身后身 #stay#leave#stage#life
