我想爱你。
So when sony release update for xperia tx? waiting unpatiently.
Heavy headache, can't rest.
 I restarted the modem like 10 times above then now working ok already, all wifi devices connected. Telephone n hyppTV works ok.
FUCK UNIFI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why UniFi everything also very suck one even the router and modem?
Really need take go shop to repair already lo? :-(
Everything goes wrong even the UniFi.... keep can't online early in the morning. Balik kampung dy?
真的是有心无力啊。。。
Goodnight, tomorrow no need drive. ^^
Really hidden cost.
From good mood become no mood, stupid petrol eater-waja.
 Windows 8.1 single language, why?
Wake up Wake up! Good morning, a new day begun. .___.
Finally steam can install on windows 8.1
Downloading L4D2 from Steam,   when play?? tomorrow night??
当初明明就是我不够好，为什么我还怪别人呢？对不起。
幸好爸爸忘了她是谁，不然问起我一定回答不到。
遇见那个曾经对我最重要的人，可见现在她幸福快乐。
 wah..
犀利人妻 再看也不闷。。
okay, confirm this sem break either go penang or ipoh one day.......... #69waja5000...
I didn't feel sad because I know you don't even care right? :)
＊首播＊ 陳勢安 - 非你不可 (官方完整版音檔):  via @youtube
Waiting tomorrow epd 13 of 回到爱以前。
But then I finding stuff to do.
没有很痛的感觉。。
Good morning.......
晚安，睡觉咯。明天有东西要做。
Aggie 謝沛恩 - 死心眼 (完整版音檔歌詞MV) - 偶像劇『愛的生存之道』片尾曲:  via @youtube
Shit unifi, the line damn unstable.
 find one day go lo.. hahaha will expensive mou? :p
 at where de oh?
 let's go eat...
我要去看 一路有你
 whyyyy??????
心爱的 心爱的。。。
Hope got cheaper iphone 4 for me to buy, finding finding.
Cameron highland only 12'c, memang cold enough.
我想要你到我的世界　兩個人十指相連心與心更貼切 總會愛出那一種永遠
我前世一定戀過你　今生才能又相遇
Was wondering wanna mod u8800 to 4.4.2 kitkat or not.
 i want a cute and 傻傻 de enough.. hahaha
 okie okie thanks... watch it later.. :D
爱上 郭雪芙。。。
Searching taiwan drama to watch, not every of it nice.
 I'm interested, can tell me more?
As I said, care politics more than peoples.
T-Shirt with logo that affect politic jail for 25 years, and rapist, snatch theft jail for 5 years. Totally hopeless.
iPad mini or nexus 7?? Lols.
But still capable to play good game.
I bought a nearly RM900 graphic card for nothing, I use the desktop to online facebook and twitter only. Kind of waste .__.
 risk high anot?
I admit I didn't have a brilliant brain like that two friend I knew, they are brilliant like achieve true human capable. Admire them.
The only thing I active the most is twitter, tired of chatting thru words. If using morse code maybe will be more interesting.
 is a second hand car and also my bro one.. hehe.. wah, supper at 1am.. memang late supper hahaha
Done, watch movie at car..
一个完美的摆放，现在声音更加动听。。大爱。
[JOY RICH] [新歌] 林凡 - 一個人生活(2012幸福蛻變版)(電影犀利人妻主題曲):  via @youtube
现在觉得台湾偶像剧很好看下的，虽然都懂结局通常是美满的。。可是就是那种，现在天黑黑的，有一天总会雨过天晴。。
我真的是爱上了林帆的声音。。
卓文萱 黃鴻升-心愛的(三立都會台「就是要你愛上我」主題曲)(官方歌詞版MV):  via @youtube
就是要你爱上我，我看完咯。。
终于看到大结局了，超级好看的。
就是要你爱上我 真的蛮好看的。。
 我试过真的不容易
I'm always very focus on drama..
终于买了一对我爱的鞋子
 明明就是卖了data怕浪费所以才带出来的。
 bad student bring phone to school...
 我 好好 好好 的 女朋友。。。 
睡多了一个小时，棒极了。
 .___. topic lehh... hahaha
 我已经有过一个好好 好好 的女朋友了哦。
Taiwan drama is kinda boring sometimes, but actually the storyline got something I always wanted to know, that's why I won't stop watching.
Starting a conversation is harder than pouring a glass of beer without bubble.
抓不到 kick !
又是一个那么难得共通人物。。。
 我会害羞哦。。哈哈哈哈哈哈哈
明天 喝茶。
Started to get bored.
 待会又要回到伤心之地咯。。
I wanna buy nexus 7 for family use.
Wish to check brake fluid, but father refused.
 有多精彩？
Tomorrow will be awesome to maximum!
What kind of clothes should I buy?
Really that smooth.....
Unexpected official rom.
Finally can talk to her, happy + happy.
 厉害。。
Neighbor's Nissan with toyo semi slick and ssr type c rim got stolen yesterday night.
Battery stucked..... TT
Tomorrow desa park at night. haaaaa jogging..
ass pain, sitting for too long.
I let you.
You're way too underestimate me, if you talk to me like that again, I'll silence. You win.
And this is how things begin.
所以我也要改变了，我不再需要你，是你需要我。。
这个是天赐给我的生命，只能遵从。。
我还是走回我的一个人吧？ .___.
Being in the comfortable zone way too long, is time to continue. :-)
You very oriented to there, that's why.
That asshole is being sissy right there seriously.
That's boring.
Battery drop very fast.
That's the reason why I hate about Android, very poor battery management.
V FOR VANDETTA
 never chat with me.....
原来爱情来的那么的难，一份真感情都不到我这里。
I'm gonna drive tomorrow.
Finished Captain Philips.
Wednesday go see sample stock, about to start new work.
Love until tired right? :)
I'm understand how you underestimate me. Well, I'll prove your mind tells u wrong.
Sleep now, continue tomorrow.
LLumar tint.......
Haih.. stay back normal light, soon only decide wanna put HID or not.
 okok.. but i'm not drving fast la, not racer... wait for me that time.
Philips Crystal Vision 4300k, goodbye. I'm not gonna use you, your lifespan is too less.
 okok..
After CNY, Genting here I come with my Waja.....
Yes, tomorrow gonna load the Crystal Vision 4300k.
Most scared moment, clean house.
Still waiting tomorrow for my crystalvision 4300k on my projector waja.. &lt;3
Malaysia cares only about their politics, they don't give a shit to peoples
Malaysia once again gone wild with ragut, a victim passed away to fight for RM40,000 for medical expenses about her son brain surgery.
Faithful dog.
Fucking sad, I'm pressing my tears......... #hachiko
I see hachiko until wanna cry lo...
Watching hachiko !
Time to attack at sepang last year. 
Adjust the height of my light later night.
Learnt how to adjust the light level, I'm gonna shine bright soon. Waiting for my Philips Crystal Vision 4.3k
 chat in fb
 wah... mom?
First mod, car plate light to white... hiak hiak...
Wanted to change HID, but finding those like OSRAM or PHILIPS with Sirim authorized. Proton waja come with projector headlight should be ok.
So I've decided to study Software Engineering on my degree next year, programming language for Android. Soon I'm gonna become Developers.^_^
Now waiting OTA to come and waiting march for the GTA.
 Firstly I saw I'm driving, when I arrive home u say u fixed.. LOL.. sorry sorry T_T
Sitting in 220km/h running car is very interesting.....
Finally update for Xperia TX has arrived.
Don't early in the morning cannot brain
If you're too brainless to think then keep the mouth shut.
Techno2014 Hands Up! hoho!
Awwwwww, my altec lansing has a real bass... My salpido headphone give soft bass .____.
Sometimes listening too much of soft song will get bored, my car gonna have some electro blah blah blah! hahahaha learning..
Still waiting for deja vu
Finished 好心作怪.......
I've my phone collection, my favorite phone Nokia 1280.
I just got myself a tag heuer watch. hahahahaha
Stupidity max.
There's a danger in loving somebody too much, and it's sad when you know it's your heart you can't touch.
Fall in love with Hachiko!
 walao, what happen so gek dong?? calm down.....
梁文音- 分手後不要做朋友 [台視/三立電視劇【回到愛以前】片尾曲][完整高音質]:  via @youtube
Finally set up everything flawlessly, refreshed my laptop.
Had to check my car first, available soon to go genting.. hiak hiak..
This year gonna change a whole lot of things, firstly my headphone first, after that birkenstock and lastly my flip out car key.
He's been ignored by all if he still acting like that.
Still got long way to fix up my laptop, too much thing has gone.
Better not to buy audio technica, way too expensive. Buy normal rm200 below is good enough already.
Didn't seriously scroll the Facebook for few days.
Funding for audio technica.
Tomorrow I drive or you drive? :x
Tried whole day of flashing custom, finally success.
Studying in Segi really enjoy maximum.
Tuned a good bass in the car, and have a safe trip. Enjoy!
I used the right way to guide me out of the box, but I sure time goes by I'll eventually found a new more better way.
By using your common sense to listen what is right, and stop listening to "having fun".
Never listen and follow others people's lifestyle, follow your own.
I don't show love to anyone anymore, is tired to loving someone who doesn't even know.
Stay out of your comfortable zone and start fighting. Nothing gonna be easy if you never try.
Raining is the most best sleeping therapy.
Driving slow is kind of a relax.....
Hope later no more rain la, I wanna go yamcha ltr..
Split the screen to half first, one do thing one watch movie. :D
From now on, I'll be the one I wanted to be. Stop judging some non sense.
Jackass grandpa is very funny.
The sky today is so nice, clear blue.
Watching Jack ass bad grandpa. LOL
Using mouse in Android tablet devices really is kind of killing..... is very hard !
Another month to wait for the Sony release the update, very angry .___.
那是真的在 35 才 ending 吧。。
Deja Vu 回到爱以前...  epd 10 is out!
I hope there is still hope for me to hope the future of our country going to be brighter and loveable.
Remember, to satisfy a people must sacrifice your dignity.
Tomorrow sem break over, is time to study hard again.
Nothing is impossible, the key of miracle is to keep trying.
Leave those who you can't accept, choose those who will make you feel better.
Everyone has their different kind of specialist, never thought yourself always better than others.
Never expect other to be under you, expect them higher and you got the improvement space to achieve them.
It's too dark in bolehland.
Good morning. Today do something I really hate to do.
 Should sleep bro, goodnight and sleep tight bro.
They say Deja Vu got 35 episode, if is real should I be happy? Or sad of waiting that much.
Good in cornering, good tuned performance for fast cornering.
Now I really fall in love with the M3 E46, besides of powerful and also have a very good top speed.
Purge? .___. nightmare.
